This requires greater action at Community level .
But there are other problems that relate to the time taken for train handover at the <unk> border , difficulties in negotiating train path allocations and a lack of transparency in rail pricing both within the European Union and in Poland .
When arbitrary proposals are made , with no basis in reality and technical knowledge , reasonable proposals are <unk> and , in this report , there are a great number of reasonable proposals which we want to support , but we could have avoided certain things which genuinely do not stand up .
The consequences of this <unk> for our countries and their populations have been appalling .
We are looking at the harmonisation of criminal provisions .
These <unk> still do not appear to be working smoothly .
<unk> of Quaestors of Parliament In Sweden , as in Belgium , the social responsibilities of major undertakings are under discussion .
The problem is when you ask them how to make the help really worthwhile , they are very slow to come forward with answers .
If it is not , it has the capacity , politically and economically , to <unk> seriously the preparatory work to achieve a good EMU launch .
( FR ) The Copenhagen Summit will go down in history as a summit of total <unk> .
Is that something insurers will be happy to cover ?
I also support the idea of streamlining the rules for submitting applications for structural funds , especially by improving the timetabling and implementation of those funds .
Parliament then rejected the remote financial service , which we will present again .
If we ask the European nations today what they expect of us , what political expressions they expect of the leaders of Europe , they will say peace , democracy , growth , social justice and freedom .
Commissioner , I believe that we all agree on the importance of sport , its specific characteristics , its social function and the many areas in which we use it in the fight against racism and xenophobia .
Although this is , in itself , not such a good thing , this rise does mean that more attention is being paid to the fight against fraud and irregularities .
<unk> , we should also be provided with information on national positions .
I think there may be accusations and that , as the <unk> of the Treaties , the Commission can do that .
And with elections coming up in America , only Europe can do whatever is possible as an external factor to keep the peace process going .
We have heard talk of sporting <unk> .
My personal experience is that common sense and good <unk> have failed us on more than one occasion .
These measures are <unk> awaited by the citizens of Europe .
It was the illegal use of an oil in a mixture .
In fact , that is not the case here .
This means that heavily taxed items such as cigarettes are particularly susceptible to fraud .
Fourthly , population change is a <unk> for us ; we need to sort out our social security and pensions systems , and , if we fail do so with a sufficiently lasting effect , we will certainly lose out to globalisation .
<unk> health has for too long been ignored and neglected .
If countries like Switzerland and others could find a link here , it would surely be easier for another country such as Turkey to go the same way , and to <unk> this process .
Both the EC strategy for integrating environmental into economic and development cooperation and the <unk> Action Plan for development cooperation are being reviewed this year .
During his <unk> address on 7 July , President <unk> <unk> indicated that he was anxious to conclude an agreement with Israel , <unk> that everything was <unk> except the line of 4 June 1967 .
Secondly , I will propose that we reject Amendments Nos 22 and 23 as well , which were tabled by the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party and which , <unk> , and this is perfectly legitimate , would result in the Commission acquiring greater powers than anticipated in the text .
<unk> else would be unacceptable and a declaration of war .
Mr President , at our last part-session in Strasbourg , Mr Farage was warned of the legal consequences when he spoke about Mr <unk> .
Mr De Rossa &apos;s report is concerned with the illegal hunting of endangered species and in no way poses a threat to hunting in the European Union , as the EDD Group amendment claims .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 96 ) by Mr Kittelmann , on behalf of the Committee on External Economic Relations , on the proposal for a Council Regulation ( COM ( 96 ) <unk> - <unk> / 96-96 / <unk> ( CNS ) ) protecting against the effects of the application of certain legislation of certain third countries , and actions based <unk> or resulting <unk> .
It is not very ambitious of Parliament and the Commission to only want to double the use of this form of energy over the decade to come .
Although not in agreement on all aspects , the Commission and Parliament are on the same <unk> as regards moving towards adopting decisions based on tariff assessments and broad consultations .
<unk> the long experience of the European Parliament in election observation , we invite representatives to participate .
As has already been said many times over , the Commission proposal contains two decisions , and what this means is that the Commission is taking the proposals apart , while we in this Parliament are not consulted about the increase .
The European Commission also uses analyses by international bodies .
It is important that safety criteria form the basis of the directive , rather than arbitrary recommended daily allowances which would be unnecessarily restrictive and not related to safety .
During the discussion we have gradually come closer together .
It aims to provide the operational framework for managing the major changes to the Union in future years .
That is therefore something I would very strongly oppose , and I would state that I shall only be able to vote in favour of Mr Manders &apos; report if it is amended in relation to the points I have just mentioned .
You have confirmed here today that you are very disappointed by the result of the second arbitration of 27 October .
the report ( <unk> / 2000 ) by Mr van den Bos , on behalf of the Committee on Development and Cooperation , on the proposal for a Council decision concerning the conclusion of the Cooperation Agreement between the European Community and the People &apos; s Republic of Bangladesh &#91; <unk> / 1 / 1999 - COM ( 1999 ) <unk> - <unk> / 2000 - 1999 / <unk> ( <unk> ) &#93; ; They are an excellent example of how progress and change can happen .
I cannot hide the fact that , as things currently stand , some of your plans will pose serious problems from the WTO &apos; s point of view .
We have heard that provision varies from Member State to Member State in terms of the protection afforded to temporary agency workers .
In fact , the working conditions of the various parliamentary representatives - the European Parliament , the national parliaments of the Member States and the national parliaments of the candidate countries , are quite unequal , and this <unk> system , in which the European Parliament is disproportionately privileged , will , in all fairness , prove untenable .
The European Parliament too , has worked hard in implementing legislation which reduces the use of CO2 gases .
Madam President , it is impossible to imagine modern medicine without blood donation .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a. m . In the light of the famous case law , harmonisation is necessary because national technical regulations conflict and separate conformity assessments are required .
But if we are prepared to set these wishes aside for now , for the sake of the speedy adoption and implementation of this directive , we also expect the Member States , when they implement it , with appropriate monitoring by the Commission , to resolve all the questions that are still not one hundred percent settled without this being at the expense of aspects that are important to us , in particular consumer protection .
With regard to sugar , full liberalisation of trade will apply from 1 July 2009 .
These guidelines were defined by Mr <unk> in the Péry group and by myself in the Martin group , in which we participated in the best spirit of cooperation and in which at least some , if not all , of these guidelines were accepted .
Mr President , while the European food chain is one of the safest in the world , poor practice , and indeed recent scandals , have set an agenda to which our Commissioner , Mr Byrne , has responded <unk> .
Last June &apos;s referendum result was a major disappointment , particularly given the 30 % turnout .
The next item is the debate on the report ( <unk> / 2002 ) by Mr <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy , on the Proposal for a Council regulation on the establishment of the Galileo Joint <unk> ( COM ( 2001 ) <unk> - <unk> / 2001 - 2001 / <unk> ( CNS ) ) .
The troika also took the opportunity to indicate its concern about the concessions being made to a number of groups advocating intolerance .
.
Quite apart from the significance of this line of argument in political and military terms , it is important to recognise that it is an expression of American <unk> which leaves no room for a reciprocal international approach , in which countries such as Iraq are <unk> with international <unk> <unk> with sanctions .
The final draft agenda as drawn up pursuant to Rules 110 and <unk> of the Rules of Procedure by the Conference of Presidents at its meeting of Thursday 12 December has been distributed .
We would , though , like the Commission to give us even clearer and <unk> figures for the five action areas when the more detailed report is forthcoming .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 97 ) by Mr <unk> Triviño , on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a Council Directive establishing a Safety <unk> of Third Countries &apos; <unk> using Community <unk> ( COM ( 7 ) <unk> - <unk> / <unk> / <unk> ( SYN ) ) .
Mr President , Commissioner , I should first of all like to say to Mr <unk> that he perhaps ought always to speak without a <unk> .
We do not have the right to demand of Turkey that it <unk> its own civilisation and its own system of values , as well as its own religion , since religion is at the root of every civilisation .
This debate is therefore timely but , I would insist , we must remember that , if we agree on the fundamental issue , as we do in general terms , we must also agree on the form and the procedures , and act with the greatest <unk> , as has been reiterated here .
The report is now available in all languages .
In its 1998 preliminary draft budget , is the Commission planning to increase the Structural Fund payment appropriations corresponding to <unk> 2 , 3 , 4 and 5 and the Community initiatives ?
On the basis of their own experience , they could <unk> a great deal of useful information and advice to junior staff .
The task therefore is to <unk> Europe together again in the political workshop after the <unk> pact - also known as the <unk> pact - and the division of Europe into spheres of interest .
This is supposed to be an important institution whose work should support respect for human rights .
According to the strategic safety approach adopted by the EU , the main threats that we must address are regional instability , failing states , organised crime and international terrorism , all of which are threats that might be exacerbated by <unk> arms exports to buyers outside the EU .
The <unk> people must be given a chance to choose their future .
When you look at the balance of spending , it is clear that equality has virtually been achieved between agricultural expenditure and expenditure on structural measures .
Mr President , this is actually an old problem , which we have been dealing with in this Parliament since at least 1976 , ever since the election of MEPs by direct universal suffrage made people realize that there was a need for a single MEP &apos;s statute .
When the Commissioner appeared before the Committee on Budgetary Control , he blamed Parliament for blocking the <unk> programmes .
I am confident that 1 January 2007 will be <unk> – delivery day – for Romania and Bulgaria , when they will receive full membership of the European Union .
Ladies and gentlemen , I should like to appeal to your understanding .
I want to stress in this Chamber that one of the most important innovations is the election of the Commission by the European Parliament , which thus sees its legislative codecision and budgetary powers increased - with the distinction between compulsory and non-compulsory expenditure ceasing to exist - and which <unk> the right to propose a future revision of the Constitution , if necessary , using the Convention method .
I believe that the Commission is extremely clear in its statement : forestry policy should be based on subsidiarity .
Last August we had the interim report from the Commission , but the final version is still awaited by this Parliament .
Whilst the proposals that are tabled in my report may be a few billions more expensive , they yield definite health gains .
That is my vision .
Because what happens today ?
Three of the four remedies provided in the draft directive could not possibly apply to them .
<unk> of the Minutes of the previous sitting If we consider it essential not to rely solely on the workings of international trade to reduce poverty , then it is vital to halt the cuts in <unk> .
The impact of integration on the applicant countries will be considerable .
To get to the point : First , it occurs to me that we are living in a time of great surprises , because who would have thought ten or twenty years ago that such a commonplace <unk> as methane would be the subject of an evening sitting of the European Parliament ?
I should like to remind you that , by providing information , the campaigns recently launched by the European Parliament and the Commission , as part of the <unk> programme - the <unk> of Europe &apos; , &apos; Let &apos;s build Europe together &apos; and <unk> <unk> &apos; campaigns - are designed to promote both general and specific awareness of the opportunities offered and the progress achieved and currently under way in Europe .
I would also like to thank my fellow rapporteurs from the relevant committees for their close collaboration .
What we also need to do is have a vigorous implementation of reform to prepare for enlargement .
The passports of the Greek citizens were not checked , Mrs <unk> .
You say that you will not hesitate to come to this House to request more resources for the Commission , but the Commission must be aware that we are <unk> on thin financial <unk> .
Amendment No 6 could be improved by combining the elements in Amendment No 9 to give a good set of macro-economic criteria to determine which groups are covered by the directive .
This is taking place in a country that is corrupt , that does not uphold human rights and that should be <unk> by Europe .
<unk> penalties must be imposed on the people guilty of such monstrous behaviour .
Transparency must be ensured , in particular by using the Internet , with regard to the participating institutions and the themes .
The first , Commissioner , is one on which I think we now agree .
The draft agreement allows for the Council to decide to invite Turkey to play a part where NATO facilities are not required .
One of these sentences by <unk> was pronounced against a girl who was still breathing an hour after being <unk> and died later in hospital .
It is somewhat <unk> to hear this Parliament , dominated though it is by defenders of the free-market economy and by <unk> of public services , resort to support from the state in coming to the aid of the European economy .
A word of caution and concern has been expressed , however , by the economic circles of the EU on the provisions for confidentiality of information exchanged between the competition authorities .
Madam President , I have been asking to speak for 15 minutes .
To be honest , Mr <unk> , I do not know .
To meet these concerns , the Commission issued a communication on climate change in October which meets the criticism by explaining the background to the EU &apos;s negotiating position .
The best way of <unk> the extent of the reform is to compare current policy with future policy .
We in <unk> <unk> also regret profoundly the loss of human lives and share with all Basque citizens the shocked feelings of our people at the moment .
It was this association that succeeded at last in getting higher prices for the trade .
He expressed strong support for your candidacy , and I invite him to deal with a few issues which are holding back the activity of the Commission .
We all know that there are still some obstacles in its way ; once they have been overcome , we will gladly consider and also be in a position to propose a practical programme .
We strongly support this type of <unk> activity .
Only the conclusions were put to the vote in committee , but not the arguments .
A final aspect concerns the question of when the protocol is likely to enter into force and on what basis .
article 24 stipulates that only when 55 parties , corresponding to 50 % of total Annex 1 CO2 emission in 1990 , have ratified will the protocol enter into force .
( Parliament agreed to urgent procedure ) The external challenges and responsibilities which the Union has had to address have also become more complex and demanding .
So we have an effective veto .
Mr President , I would just ask that , following the vote on all the amendments , we have a <unk> break in which to find out what has been adopted and to decide whether to vote in favour of the proposal or against it , or else abstain from voting in the end .
What was particularly frightening was that it was my staff who opened this <unk> and that could have included , for example , students on temporary work experience ; that was the most <unk> aspect of it .
Therefore , we need to have a coherent European-wide ban to tackle this disease and that is why we are in the position we are in now .
With this in mind , I understand the feeling of impatience that some of you have - the chairmen , Mr Hänsch , Mr Brok , and Mr Poettering - who would like the countries of Central and Eastern Europe to be able to take part in the next European Parliament elections in 2004 .
<unk> : all the Member States are facing serious human and economic problems because of the massive immigration from developing countries .
That is why we are also discussing Öcalan , because he has become a symbol , a symbol for many other proceedings in Turkey which unfortunately go <unk> and which are unfair , <unk> and make a mockery of the constitutional state .
Often people simply cannot get by on their own ; hence the need for these measures .
If this were to be the case , then this would be a <unk> of Europe &apos; s common market in a sense , and that would be a <unk> step .
There is a good balance between a <unk> market , benefiting consumers by offering them more choice , better competition and lower prices , and the requirements governing the protection of <unk> .
The most important thing for the Commission to do is to uphold competition and to be strong in defending small companies and small entrepreneurs .
So let me thank Commissioner Diamantopoulou for taking this important step , while , at the same time , encouraging the Commission – through you , Commissioner Dimas – to delay no longer in adopting further proposals on comprehensive measures to combat sexual discrimination and to guarantee de facto equality in areas other than employment .
Ladies and gentlemen , in my report I have put forward a package of proposals .
So it is I am afraid a <unk> sword .
That is the stage we are at today .
If it is not the right amount of money , it is only right that we have this committee of inquiry .
No money at all was spent on new Community initiatives for the second year in succession .
We have adopted ambitious legislation .
All scientific claims to absolute right lead to totalitarianism , sooner or later .
However , we may be forgiven for <unk> to think that it is not so much a question of the excellence of that agenda as of its proper implementation nationally , in other words how the Member States carry through the processes of change , how they reconcile them with quality of life and work , and how they apply the strategy of greater social cohesion .
But if we can see light at the end of the negotiating tunnel , probably towards the end of 1999 or in 2000 , following the likely progress of negotiations and the successful conclusion of Agenda 2000 in March , it will certainly become reasonable or even urgent to set a definite date to bring the negotiations to a speedy conclusion .
We should not act in a hypocritical manner , and we should not be afraid to say ‘ no ’ to Turkey ... Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , &quot; sustainable development is any development that meets the needs of the present without <unk> the ability of future generations to meet their needs &quot; .
By murdering him the terrorists have shown once more their denial of the right to life and their contempt for the right to freedom of political expression .
I therefore hope that proposed Amendment No 19 to Article 7 ( 1 ) second indent will be adopted by the entire House .
On Cabinda : the Commission agrees and deplores the situation of the eight European citizens who have been kidnapped in Cabinda .
I must , however , emphasise the importance of behaviour of the population .
That is what we must do .
I propose , and my Group proposes through amendments to the Fourçans and Randzio-Plath reports , the establishment of an independent organization which would bring together academics , industry practitioners , Commission officials and national government officials in a wider and informal context to discuss different VAT practices and to build a consensus on this .
With today &apos; s decision , the European Parliament is adopting the EU &apos; s Budget for the year 2000 . .
The challenge to achieve cohesion will be greater : we have an unprecedented expansion of the Union and we still have poor regions .
The mechanisms for releasing the appropriations which are put in place as well as the <unk> specified must , as a necessity , take into account this specific point .
The question is whether it happens with or against the will of the peoples concerned .
Like several Members of this House , I consequently accepted important public <unk> .
I am pleased to note that the Commission is supported by Parliament and the Council in its efforts to build up an effective European climate change programme .
Just to <unk> , article 109 <unk> ( 2 ) of this chapter makes it possible to draw up guidelines which Member States can take into account in their employment policy ; in addition , under article 109 R , the Council can adopt incentive measures and promote innovative approaches by recourse to pilot projects .
Mr President , my group colleague Mr <unk> will shortly be drawing your attention to a German study in the which shows a lack of willingness to adapt among many immigrants , a trend that is also reflected in many other polls ; according to an Austrian study , for example , no fewer than 45 % of Muslims are hostile towards the idea of integration .
Yes , we in Ireland have made rapid progress towards the EU average in GDP but - yes - we still need new significant levels of funding for the period ahead if we are to consolidate our economic progress achieved to date .
It made unfair , <unk> and unfounded assessments of Member States , and this is true of its references to Portugal , all of which were incorrect .
Mr President , I would firstly like to express my agreement with all the speeches that have referred to the need for closer coordination of the Member States of the European Union in the activities , in the decision-making , in the orientation of the policies and in the strategy of the World Bank .
What Mr Whitehead has said today has actually contradicted this order of priorities .
Instead , we have seen <unk> , <unk> and evasion .
.
That is why the EPP Group has submitted a compromise proposal making it optional whether to indicate the vendor .
Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I think we simply have to recognize that a massive human tragedy is taking place in North Korea .
The next item is the debate on the report ( <unk> / 96 ) by Mr Galeote <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on External Economic Relations , on the proposal for a Council Decision on the conclusion of the Protocol to the Agreement in the form of an exchange of letters between the European Economic Community and the <unk> of Andorra following the accession of the Republic of Austria , the republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden to the European Union ( COM ( 95 ) <unk> - <unk> / 96-96 / <unk> ( CNS ) ) .
<unk> must have guarantees of direct income supports at adequate levels over the medium to long term if they are to be in a position to plan for the future .
The real question to Commissioner Fischler is this .
I should like to urge Commissioner Flynn to examine whether this idea of Parliament &apos;s to rule out any <unk> of pressure is not in fact a sound one .
I thank the President-in-Office for the concerns and <unk> he has expressed about the progress of the work .
<unk> / 2003 tabled by <unk> Collins , on behalf of the UEN Group ; Just one example : free movement of workers - a cornerstone of the market - also means free movement of families , with all <unk> problems of adjustment for children in a new society .
( Mixed reactions ) The vote will take place very shortly .
We need a fundamental understanding of the problem we face .
If that should be the outcome , then you have that possibility .
And for the same reason I believe we should take advantage of the momentum generated by the Transatlantic Agenda , the Transatlantic <unk> Dialogue and the development of a Transatlantic Market <unk> .
Quite apart from all that , it is a good thing that you have done something about investment .
More than 75 % of the benefits derived from enhanced information capabilities are concentrated only in advanced nations .
The euro has enhanced Europe &apos;s international status as well .
Although we welcome the decision made at the <unk> Summit to build a new railway between Lyons and Turin , the European Union should be far bolder in its infrastructure plans .
We have a responsibility to ensure that multinational firms are unable to transport their damage and their behaviour to the developing world because of restrictions that we may place upon them within the European Union .
Of course , during this year , all of our colleagues will put their best efforts into initiating or developing positive activities to combat racism , <unk> , that <unk> <unk> which we even come across here at times .
In my opinion , we should work towards a <unk> of the framework agreement .
It proposes information campaigns in the countries of origin which warn women of the dangers of falling into the hands of the <unk> organizations responsible for trafficking .
Madam President , may I ask how it is that there is a change to the voting order ?
Apart from these comments , I would like to highlight what some colleagues have already said , in particular the rapporteur , Mr Perry , whom I would like to congratulate on the quality of his work .
.
If you do not accept them , there is a possibility that we will refer them back to committee , which is , of course , what we also did in the case of the structural measures under the second pillar .
Amendment No 55 , which I and my colleague Mrs <unk> have tabled and which has the support of a large number of observers , returns to the new Member States what they were promised , thus <unk> our good words into good deeds .
Such an environment does not <unk> consumer confidence , domestic demand or domestic growth .
In this respect , it will be very interesting for economists to see if , in the coming months , the first of these <unk> shocks will result from the alignment of short-term interest rates which took place on 3 December among the various countries in the zone .
What makes no sense , and what I want to ask the Commissioner , is this : how can it be that the Commission has very far-reaching plans with regard to Agenda 2000 , so far-reaching that it is virtually impossible for the Council to agree them , but that in this relatively simple , straightforward area it refuses to go beyond its own mandate ?
There is still work for the <unk> in both services to do on this , and for that I ask the House ’ s indulgence .
We should always <unk> on the side of caution when dealing with delicate matters , given the Commission &apos; s role and the nature of the issues it is dealing with at present .
I also want to tell you that the proposals included in the White Paper on transport policy , which I hope to present soon , are entirely compatible with what we have been talking about here today and with what the Green Paper says .
There can be no question that this is the right way to guarantee safety and to make the environment in Europe cleaner , but this process should be compatible with the solutions that have been implemented to date .
But Europe cannot afford to lose rail as a means of transport , out of consideration for the environment and because of the increased freight transport between the EU , eastern Europe and central Asia .
At the same time , it is clear that it is not only terrorist activity that is taking place , but this is not the place to establish the respective percentages of terrorist and <unk> activities .
But the law is clear : in a democracy , measures must be necessary , effective and proportionate .
Mr President , firstly , I too wish to say thank you to Mrs Wallström .
Mr President , the greatest challenge facing the Dutch presidency is undoubtedly the conclusion of the IGC .
It is with great satisfaction now that I see that the rapporteur has arrived at the same conclusion in her report .
The need for third party checks on such equipment is an important one and should have been established for even more of the equipment concerned .
This emerges clearly from the many complaints and petitions which the Commission receives and , along with Parliament and as a number of speakers have pointed out this evening , we think that this situation has to change .
Research into fusion and its possible commercial exploitation will not involve elements that would encourage or facilitate the manufacture of nuclear weapons .
As Mrs Jackson has said , Greece is already paying EUR 20 000 a day and I trust that Greece will come to its <unk> and fall into line .
It seems from the events of 11 September in New York that democracies are particularly vulnerable to terrorism , which has no respect for the ballot box as a way to achieve change in societies .
If the Commission <unk> problems it is its task to make recommendations that we will obviously look into carefully .
I formally move that it goes to the Rules Committee as well .
I trust my suggestion will be taken up .
The other point is the temporary nature of State aid .
The public do n &apos;t seem particularly enthusiastic , as far as I know .
Mr President , I am sorry , but I seem to be repeating myself here , for the Council does not comment on statements in the media , either .
For that purpose , it is important that we make progress at a <unk> comparable to that of the subjects raised in the course of negotiations as a whole .
That is why I wish to re-emphasise that a regulation is the only legal instrument for this and the other five sets of provisions .
I do , however , express my regret that Mrs Hautala and we as a Parliament should today find ourselves in this position of being unable to assure the attendance of colleagues who set off early enough in the day to expect to be able to contribute to a debate .
Firstly , it defines the priorities better and more clearly and concentrates resources on the best projects ; it coordinates management of <unk> phases of major projects better , where appropriate appointing a coordinator to help resolve difficulties holding up the completion of work ; it takes the regulatory environment into account and it tackles other bureaucratic and administrative factors that have slowed up completion thus far .
It is a good thing that the Commission follows these matters , but the Council and High Representative also have a role to play in this .
We also discussed the <unk> report in very wide and detailed terms , and it was made very clear that we do not want any patenting of human genes .
Energy is the fundamental issue .
The importance of the tourist industry and its impact on employment - although everyone is now aware of this - is nevertheless based more on personal experience rather than on <unk> statistical data .
On the eve of the World Cup I handed over the final list of signatures to the <unk> campaign to Commissioner Frattini .
Once again , it is absolutely crucial , even vital , that Parliament and the Commission should <unk> out together the broad <unk> of a common vision , in the service of their shared interests , of the revised Community model on which we are all working , and I will even say all working together .
I hope that you will be pleased to see your views brought together by the text which was adopted by the Council , particularly those views regarding trade unions or <unk> demonstrations .
While <unk> issued by General <unk> and Ford have been <unk> to <unk> bond level , the most recent statistics show that the European industry ranks first in the world for the number of cars produced : <unk> million in Europe , <unk> million of them in the Union of the Fifteen .
That is why I resist becoming involved in political manoeuvres or political projects , even if I might sympathise with them .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , when the Commission &apos;s proposed financial framework for the period from 2000 to 2006 , contained in the document commonly known as Agenda 2000 , was submitted in July , it was clear to us that the <unk> attitude and general inadequacy of that document was incompatible with the political and socio-economic challenges facing a Union which could be enlarged to embrace an almost <unk> number of new Member States in the course of that period .
This is only possible if we handle the Foundation very carefully , and allow it to fulfil the role it is designed for .
The Spaniards have just voted on the Constitution , but the fact is that 90 % of Spaniards – whom the <unk> think were well informed about the Constitution – told Spain &apos;s state polling organisation that they had little or no knowledge of it , and less than half of them <unk> to vote .
That will need to be sent by the middle of September in order to effect the necessary changes .
The Committee on Budgetary Control , under the annex to the Rules of Procedure which lays down the powers and responsibilities of the committees , has sole responsibility for all questions concerning the implementation of budgets and all questions concerning the financial management of the Commission .
Yet this would reveal the truth , a truth which is <unk> obvious , in other words that there are three powers pursuing <unk> interests in the Balkans .
As regards relations with the national parliaments , I want to distance myself from what Mr Donnelly has just said .
The next problem is the issue of the competent supervisory authority .
We believe that what we have to do is establish rules which protect producers and also consumers and citizens .
On 1 January we will get the euro .
Today , we should place on record our amazement at the attitude of the Council , which amended Article 8 on commitology , and decided to consult Parliament again .
This turned out to be very fruitful and the conclusions drawn then by your rapporteur have been particularly important in the preparation of this communication .
As far as the present situation in the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia is concerned , we have a clash of two political <unk> : the political philosophy <unk> by the Representative of the Council , whereby two different nations live within the same borders , cooperate and live in <unk> , and the philosophy which says that the rights of the Albanian nation can only be secured by armed struggle and bloodshed .
The Commission is now putting forward a proposal to set up a new Community programme on the conservation , <unk> , collection and <unk> of genetic resources in agriculture .
However , finding ways of protecting minors is a matter which should be left to national level .
It acknowledges that the Commission proposal provides a good basis , lays emphasis on the legal framework of the proposal and accepts socio-economic responsibility for all fishermen who find themselves on the Italian vessels concerned .
Now , the matter of employment .
That is my first point , one demand made by Parliament , and I must say that the President-in-Office , Mr <unk> , basically took a very positive attitude to it .
In order for this to happen , however , we must , specifically , improve the coordination of our efforts in external policy and defence , and make real progress towards having a common diplomatic service .
Greater economic freedom is good news , but a serious lack of freedom of expression and of political and religious freedoms is quite the opposite .
Nobody is proposing social dumping .
This is what happened 80 years ago and we all know what the outcome was .
This is a new insight , a new aspect of our work which has been particularly emphasized and underlined by his work and that of his Scandinavian colleagues .
The realisation of all these ambitions would actually provide the European Union with a <unk> military capability .
Will the Union be playing a more active role in resolving the various forms of social unrest which have <unk> the country for decades ?
The comment about industry is correct .
With regard to gender equality , the situation is most alarming : different levels of employment , salary , access to and progress in the labour market , education , participation in vocational training programmes .
The committee &apos; s report will not create the basis for coherent legislation on biotechnology in the Member States of the European Union that many , like myself , were looking for .
Therefore , we must first decide whether or not to accept the position of the Conference of Presidents or to amend it .
They need clear guidelines on the issues which the Convention will address and which are tantamount to drafting a European constitution .
In this connection , the European Parliament must be given the right of codecision and full budgetary authority .
Mr President , there is an oral amendment to recital E : when talking about ‘ <unk> <unk> , civil society activist ’ , it must be specified that ‘ Kurdish ’ <unk> ‘ civil society activist ’ .
The outcome of the Council &apos;s deliberations is also extremely encouraging .
I support the amendments tabled by the various groups .
The report is excellent , and I support it .
Yesterday , Wednesday , Questions to the Council were cut by 35 minutes because the agenda was so full up .
I believe that the European Union &apos;s primary duty is , in fact , to combat this very real danger .
That means , too , that adjustments have to be managed and reform and change embraced ; of course , we must .
Freedom is what society has the right to do and know and what the State does not have the right to hinder .
Those who are responsible at local level should take effective <unk> measures , in the context of sustainable development , without , however , harming the competitiveness of our businesses .
I agree with the ECB &apos;s judgment that the strengthening of the euro against the dollar is a positive development , as long as the currency strengthens in a controlled way and not too fast .
This is the Europe that people expect of us and the Europe that they are prepared to trust .
The adoption of this proposal by the European legislature creates a new , solid legal basis for the financing of European standardisation .
There are many obstacles and there is a real danger that the island may be <unk> , as we see from the extreme statements in Ankara which regards Cyprus as one of Turkey &apos;s provinces .
While the report proposes further institutional reform , prior to any enlargement , the European Parliament has not moved to a position where it can make this an effective and absolute condition .
.
The patience of the international community is wearing thin .
We discussed whether we should call for this framework to be expanded .
Current agreements with Morocco have provisions for an experimental satellite system .
The country has been <unk> before the Court of Justice for increasing toll charges on the Brenner .
Are parliamentary staff allowed to sit in Members &apos; seats at voting time ?
The transposition of European directives into national legislation commands particular attention .
It is a matter of consistency to use the term FYROM throughout the text .
The most important thing is that the basis is sound , and despite all the differences of opinion and all the frustration felt by America ’ s friends about some of the present administration ’ s policies , the basis here is sound .
I have also emphasised the fact that this may improve the position of the employer , since if employers can show that they have initiated such preventive work , they will surely be in a stronger position should conflict arise .
The definition has therefore been extended to both .
That is why the Convention must take these facts into consideration , promoting majority decision-making in order to give Europe the ability always to speak with one voice .
In this concrete case it is the European Union itself which is coming up with a very interesting proposal , namely to give the eleven ACP countries which are <unk> down by heavy debts a contribution at the expense of the European Union .
The <unk> constitution of 1997 , which came about following a previous coup d &apos; <unk> after lengthy negotiations , must be restored without delay .
I , too , am part of that tradition ; we have always seen ourselves as <unk> &apos;s ambassadors here .
We are therefore going to ask for more detail in the plans which are submitted , in the structure of expenditure and also of income , paying particular attention to investments .
The first reason is that we are in a period of very rapid developments .
I cannot see that the Commission &apos;s responsibility for its acts is greatly <unk> by the <unk> of the British .
The proposed Constitution establishes the Union as a community based on fundamental rights , grounds European policies in a code of common values , defines clear and binding objectives , and expresses a commitment to uphold sustainability in the economic , social and environmental fields .
In addition to these specific issues that give us some grasp of how far we still have to go in improving our aid in practical terms , the three <unk> – complementarity of actions , coordination of programmes and coherence of policies - also constitute a framework within which to work and a particularly important <unk> for interpreting the action that we shall have to take over the next few years where cooperation is concerned .
During that debate , important issues were raised .
The media will no doubt pass on what you tell us .
We are elected legislators .
That is why I felt I should act on the suggestion , made - if I remember rightly , and the Minutes will bear me out - by Mr Tomlinson , that the matter should be referred to the Bureau .
As regards the question of priorities , health policy and health research undoubtedly fall into this category .
He had energetically and skilfully <unk> all over the world trying to create a basis for a new WTO negotiation round ; on which a decision needs to be taken in Doha in <unk> .
This would help coordination significantly since at present there are many different budget categories for Baltic cooperation to be found in a number of different programmes .
They have two different points of view , regardless of whether an advisory committee is selected - which we chose - that put more emphasis on the Commission , or a regulatory committee which put more emphasis on the Council .
Experience has shown , in every field , that this is the best way to increase efficiency , create new jobs and reduce prices .
Their long-term effects could be even more serious , including <unk> , <unk> <unk> and a range of reproductive difficulties in both <unk> and <unk> , which we really must take action about now .
I thank the Commissioner for his reply .
Those were the questions I wanted to put to the Commissioner .
Having said that , I will not support Amendments Nos 71 , 75 , 82 and 89 , concerning replacement engines , the classification of <unk> engines and engines used to perform maintenance or construction work .
The record companies and the economy have closed <unk> down .
The central tanks , which we thought were still full , do not contain any more oil , just water .
As you know , we have also adopted a proposal for a regulation intended to reduce certain <unk> greenhouse gas emissions .
Although the responsibility for this is primarily national , it is important that a stimulus should be provided at Community level .
Obviously , I fully support all the efforts being made to win over Russia and China .
The labour market administrations really do not have much to do with the procedure itself .
The Finnish Presidency of the EU , together with the Commission , should review progress that is being made on this important issue across the EU so that consumer concerns about the new euro currency are fully addressed .
<unk> moderation is a key factor in favouring the expansion of employment and in helping to create the conditions for a sustainable increase in the potential growth rate of the euro area economy .
Climate change If these major questions had been answered , we would not have the dilemma of Turkey , there would not be the uncertainty of the prospects of the Western Balkans and there would not be the speculation about Bulgaria and Romania .
He has not taken a single initiative himself ; in the first reading he even abstained on the matter of self-handling , and he now comes along and tries to score points .
Finally , I hope that , at the <unk> , the European Union will be able to achieve the goals and results that the Commissioner has set herself , irrespective of Parliament &apos;s resolutions .
Decisions are <unk> made in the Council of Ministers of the European Union on fiscal issues while the interested parties are not represented there to defend themselves , as is the case with our Autonomous Community of the Basque Country and the Autonomous Community of <unk> .
<unk> and transport costs for imports and exports , and the small size of these territories have prevented them from attracting and benefiting from significant investment .
In fact , most prices will be left unchanged .
Their direct participation in the life of the Union is a long-term project , and I believe that it has now been given - and not before time - the necessary stimulus .
<unk> the denomination of the currency will also hit the consumer &apos;s <unk> with inflation .
We therefore question the basis of the Eurodac system , the aim of which is that an application for asylum should only be dealt with in one country .
Mr President , I would just like to point out that there is – thank <unk> – to be no <unk> in Brussels ; instead the next proper plenary session is here in Strasbourg .
It is amazing to see that in all 11 Hungarian cities , the local politicians , NGOs , citizens young and old , are very active in the common cause of the contest .
Rather , we need multilateral cooperation , based on an overall strategy , which will improve the cooperation between the European Union and these three countries but also and in particular improve relations between the countries themselves .
We and the rapporteur can be happy in the knowledge that the Commission and the Council seem to be agreed on this .
First , with a very clear reminder that strictly monetarist policies encourage speculation and <unk> the stability of the financial markets without thereby solving the structural problems of national economies , this report argues in favour of the single currency as a factor which would assist the creation of a stable area covering the internal market .
Mr President , allow me to begin by congratulating the rapporteur , Mr van Velzen , who has managed to home in on the fundamental issues concerning this key aspect of the economy - employment .
Up to now , Europe has done what it has had to do in this area by providing everyone with effective tools under the programmes I mentioned earlier .
<unk> careful <unk> we repeat the painful <unk> of the last enlargement when , after months of threats , the European Parliament gave in to the governments .
This is one of the consequences of the BSE crisis and we must bear the objective of this proposal , i. e. traceability , in mind when debating what information should appear on the label .
But the fight against terrorism , the fight against violations of human rights and terrorism against women , the fight for democracy and the rule of law is only a credible fight if it is fought within a framework of respect for human rights and respect for the right to life of people who may be terrorists or criminals .
Indeed , for many years , our group has constantly condemned the lack of transparency , consistency and democracy in what the European Union calls its <unk> policy &apos; .
Like the Americans , we Europeans must encourage the Israelis and Palestinians to seize this vital opportunity to relaunch the peace process and do everything possible to support the parties in their search for a just and lasting solution .
However , this macroeconomic average <unk> large price increases in a long list of everyday items such as coffee , vegetables , <unk> , <unk> and parking <unk> , largely due to opportunistic marking up or <unk> during the changeover period .
Work , work , work : this makes Europe competitive , and European citizens richer .
I am therefore very relieved , and I think we all should be , to know that the Bureau of the European Parliament has intervened in this matter .
I am thinking not only about financial aid , but also about the application of the laws that encourage investment in Europe and that clear the way for our SMEs to export outside European territory .
It has already been said that this study was a joint and very significant effort by our Parliamentary committee , which took action to ensure that the institute becomes what we all wanted to see : a very flexible technical instrument , with the task of collating all the data supplied by statistical bodies and of disseminating this information in order to give all operators and all those responsible for legislating and taking action the opportunity to make choices that take into account the gender viewpoint .
Having said that , in certain specific research and technology development programmes , and in the <unk> fourth framework programme , different and other definitions of small and medium-sized enterprises have been used .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , I believe that this new tragedy illustrates yet again what we might call the fate of immigrants .
Indeed , in my constituency only last year a Spanish <unk> was arrested and <unk> in <unk> for illegal fishing off the coast of Ireland .
I am proud to be one of them ; I am not a <unk> - if I were , I would also be proud and free to be so - and I am not , as far as I know , <unk> by Great Britain , although I am <unk> here close to its representatives .
I shall therefore vote against the proposal .
Mr President , unfortunately the European Union &apos;s common foreign and security policy continues to be more a matter of <unk> thinking than a reality .
In 1988 the Commission penalised British Sugar for abuse of a dominant position ; in 1997 the Commission also penalised Irish Sugar for abuse of a dominant position .
Mr President , fortunately we are the only ones here this evening and we can speak quite freely .
Let me announce right now that my <unk> Mr Nielson and I will , in a few days &apos; time , be presenting a communication to the effect that , in future - from 2007 onwards , to be precise - resources for the European Development Fund will be incorporated into the normal Budget .
I welcome the position taken by the Committee on Transport and Tourism as regards the Zī le report and , as a whole , I endorse the reports , in particular the Savary report , for its social and safety elements , and the Sterckx report .
The responsibilities of the man are being increased in order to convince <unk> families that responsibility for the reproduction of their members lies with them .
We will support you in uniting policy and financial <unk> .
Mr President , Commissioner , we have discussed this issue on many occasions in the past and views have been exchanged .
I think that we must see the practical results in the light of the economies of the developing countries , so I am very pleased that 50 % of the requests have come from developing countries .
It has been proved that a dedicated few can hold a majority to ransom .
In the judgment to which the honourable Member refers , the Court of Justice of the European Communities condemned Greece for its failure to communicate measures taken to implement Directive 89 / 48 - the Directive I referred to in my reply to the previous question .
<unk> , the head of the governments which will suffer most from this reduction , mine in particular , did not do much to prevent that failure .
But the Council does not want there to be a revision , even if it is not bound up with a financial amendment .
I could almost believe it .
In addition , the proposed system would lead to further complications in a regime which is already very complex .
Mr President , I voted in favour of the joint resolution by the other political groups .
<unk> and visit the refugee detention centres in various Member States and you will be <unk> .
I am amazed and <unk> that after all the recent progress in getting tobacco <unk> to admit that their products cause diseases such as cancer , we have a proposal to keep using public money to <unk> tobacco producers !
Ladies and gentlemen , by voting in favour of the <unk> Report tomorrow , we shall be responding to an expectation of our peoples .
As a matter of fact , the process of economic recovery is not over yet .
The country report that the Commission has drawn up , which is intended to result , over the coming months , in plans of action , offers us the opportunity to give a shot in the arm to the process of democratisation and establishing the rule of law .
I would therefore ask whether the Committee on the Rules of Procedure or the President could explain in what instances Rule <unk> would apply .
I refer to both questions , services and software .
I am increasingly certain that we will improve this with a substantial majority this week , but we want to get on with that .
All that has been introduced are the , in my opinion , usual old paragraphs which , as we have seen often enough , are in no way binding .
Modern technology is not open to all on an equal footing , so the gap between rich and poor is widening .
In any case , geopolitical factors are not sufficient reason for something as radical as full membership of the European Union .
Madam President , I want to express my concern that this clear defence by Mr <unk> <unk> of human rights apparently does not prevent his government from cooperating in Parliament with a political group which not only does not condemn , but <unk> with and encourages , violence against people and property .
In my opinion , it is precisely in anticipation of this deadline that the European Union should strive to reduce disparities between regions and put an end to the isolation of border areas .
That will be corrected , Mr <unk> .
Such a move would doubtless mean , for example , that the UK Government , which is currently considering road pricing , would simply have passed the buck for such an unpopular move on to the European Union .
When cooperation between Member States increases we must have a proper exchange of information so that <unk> can take place in a straightforward manner by national <unk> with information supplied by the Member States .
I do not share the view of Mr <unk> or other MEPs who think one should .
The citizens need time to make provision for their old age .
<unk> therefore constitutes a risk to health but above all an attack on the person &apos; s dignity .
I should also like to know why the Commission &apos;s paper on this subject had its release delayed until the day after the Danish referendum on the euro .
What we need is legal certainty , not the arbitrary use of power .
This watchword does not guarantee that fraud will not occur .
Parliament has asked you twice to visit Chechnya .
Unfortunately , Parliament <unk> the Environment Committee &apos;s demands by <unk> itself with requesting further research .
Where is the concern for the common good ?
On the other hand , when opinion polls in Ireland offered the question whether Ireland should help to defend a fellow Member State the majority replied positively .
After all , we will all , on Monday , or very late on Sunday evening , be facing demands for statements on how we assess the Constitution .
This is why the Polish initiative I mentioned earlier merits serious debate .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , my good friend <unk> Dupuis spoke on quite the wrong subject .
The President of the Italian Parliament , Mr <unk> , came here to testify to the interest Italian Members of Parliament take in their European colleagues .
Firstly , while people must be punished if they have committed a crime , it is essential that while they are awaiting trial in another Member State accused persons should not find themselves in a more difficult situation than if they were in their own country .
We are keeping the hope alive that the third millennium will start with this proposal being accepted .
Instead , as in this action programme , it is support and encouragement for broad co-operation on the European level which is important .
It is very much alive .
The Committee on Petitions is the parliamentary organ to which the Ombudsman submits his reports and which needs to establish a complementary working relationship in view of their various responsibilities on petitions and complaints of the citizens .
They are efforts which go beyond what seems acceptable to the Turkish military .
I knew , Mr President , that I would find an ally in the European Parliament .
We must put a stop to this deterioration of quality before it becomes irreversible .
I have yet to encounter a shareholder who would accept that .
– The next item is the report by Mr Morillon ( <unk> / 2005 ) , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council regulation on the conclusion of the Protocol setting out , for the period from 18 January 2005 to 17 January <unk> , the fishing opportunities and the financial contribution provided for by the Agreement between the European Economic Community and the Republic of Seychelles on fishing off Seychelles &#91; COM ( 2005 ) <unk> – <unk> / 2005 – 2005 / <unk> ( CNS ) &#93; .
Let me clarify that : introducing the euro and explaining it to all its users - which means , ultimately , the consumers - will have very precise costs and conditions .
Here , the question I would like to put to our foreign ministers is whether they agree with these comments by Mr <unk> to the effect that the USA and the EU states conduct a hypocritical policy in relation to Israel on the one hand and to states such as Iran and North Korea on the other since , undoubtedly , Israel can possess weapons of mass destruction , Israel can have that defence system , but for other states which have not signed up to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty such an option is forbidden .
We need one because gender equality is the distinguishing feature of the European Union , for the European Union has said that we see equality as one of the European Union ’ s values , and because we know that women are still being discriminated against .
I look forward to the Austrian presidency .
The European Union is a community based on a set of shared values .
In this context , the Commission has just launched a call for proposals under the Sixth Framework Programme calling for projects on virus detection techniques in bathing waters .
<unk> discussions , both bilaterally and in the Council working groups , have enabled progress to be made on some key issues .
There are countless examples of this in everyday life .
The Commission ’ s proposal to award such widely varying amounts of aid from the Solidarity Fund is the result of the very different assessments of the damage caused undertaken by the governments concerned and submitted to the Commission .
There are many scandals which your party , which has been silent up until 2004 , should denounce .
Mr President , I too , as chairman of the European Parliament &apos;s Committee on Women &apos;s Rights and Equal Opportunities , should like to welcome the release today of <unk> <unk> , the <unk> women sentenced to death , to a terrible death by <unk> , on charges of <unk> , and I should like to congratulate the Commission and my committee for putting up a fight and influencing to a very large degree the decision issued today .
Here also , things have moved quite fast with the help and understanding of the budgetary authority .
What we need , in any event , is complete transparency , which should in itself lead to lower costs both for exchanges and for cross-border payments .
I am also worried about the welfare of vulnerable sea areas and the environmental risks they face .
The Commission only informed us about this recently and warned against a rise in skin cancer <unk> , allergies and eye disease .
I give the floor to Mr Verheugen to reply to Mr <unk> .
As a result , our group is proposing that at Johannesburg the EU should commit to reaching the 0.7 % target by the year 2010 .
This very week , we voted on the <unk> report .
Mr President , first I would like to thank the Commissioner for his answers today .
When a number of governments suggested that entire expenditure blocks should be written out of the Stability Pact , the criticism sounded exactly as it sounds now , now that it has not come to pass .
<unk> as we do from the Echelon interception system that every form of democratic control is being <unk> violated from without or from a distance , knowing that American multinationals are engaged in wholesale monitoring and <unk> at the expense of European undertakings and the economic , social , political and cultural activities of the Member States and the private life of the Union citizens as a whole , it is slightly hypocritical of us to approach this huge issue in <unk> feet with our <unk> in hand .
I have a suggestion to make as to how our aid might be most effectively targeted .
Certainly not !
To quote from a German federal government document : &quot; Such agreement between Germany and France could be the <unk> to broader agreement at European level . &quot;
Together they have set the stage for a fruitful discussion today .
The fact that the developed world continues to tolerate the sale of weapons to such people should be a cause for serious and continuing concern in this House .
If the European Union sincerely believes that it can protect public health by covering cigarette <unk> with increasingly larger labels advertising the fact that &quot; smoking <unk> &quot; or &quot; smoking causes cancer &quot; , we are surely in the realm of the absurd .
I also welcome the way in which Mr <unk> has been flexible - finally - about the amendments and we now have a chance of getting this legislation on to the statute book as soon as possible .
That is why it is crucial that Parliament continues to draft its own report .
Those who think they can weaken respect for human rights on the pretext of fighting terrorism are in a sense giving way to the terrible blackmail of the worst enemies of democracy , the terrorists .
Hence the urgent need for a modern regulation which recognises these new possibilities available to European <unk> growers and , at the same time , protects traditional varieties of <unk> .
However , she was careful not to say that massive unemployment is the result of European policy on reducing inflation and unbridled free trade .
My only regret is that he did not come here at the outset of the presidency because he will know , as I know , the key importance of working closely with colleagues within the European Community and Union and with Member States .
It is because we support a concept of Europe clearly based on respect for the nation states of which it consists and which constitute its basis , substance and strength , that we want to see respect for Turkey &apos;s true identity and a calm acknowledgement that this great country does not belong to the European geographical and cultural whole .
Of course I have voted against it .
In addition , the Commission has exclusive competence in matters of state aid .
Thank you , Commissioner .
Regarding the question of the <unk> ban , or the United Kingdom measures , I have already pointed out that the measures taken in relation to <unk> do not <unk> Community law .
Could I ask the Council , before the end of the current presidency , to give us a progress report on how these commitments have been carried out during the presidency ?
Each Europe <unk> information <unk> benefits from an operating grant of a maximum of EUR 24 000 while the maximum grant for former <unk> and <unk> was EUR 20 000 .
The Commission agrees with her view .
Let us hope that out of this terrible tragedy something good will come and that the <unk> may be allowed to live in peace .
Nothing has been said about <unk> , about other situations which have remained <unk> .
Is the electoral success of Hamas likely to be a setback for us ?
( Applause ) It would certainly be a unique event in the history of Parliament .
My third observation is that we have modified the direction of our economic policy .
I stand here as an <unk> , but defend the right to freedom of religion , freedom of belief , freedom of association and the freedom to exchange ideas .
<unk> report ( <unk> / 98 ) As regards the Committee of the Regions and the Economic and Social Committee , and the consequences of the Treaty of Amsterdam , mention should also be made of the abolition of Protocol 16 , that is the common organisational structure which linked the two committees .
I know that some parties allow it , but not all , and I think that it would be a good way of giving our citizens more involvement .
The OLAF Supervisory Committee , which <unk> the independence of OLAF , will soon submit its report , which we shall also have the opportunity to debate .
I should like a reply from the Commissioner and also , of course , a response from the Commissioner to our amendment .
Much has changed since the last spring .
In addition , the Council has paid particular attention to the development of payment appropriations by <unk> and controlling their growth compared to 2001 .
If this funding is cut off and made impossible , the terrorist group could not survive .
One final point : the review of these systems is not something which will be finished and done with today .
I am very pleased with this result .
Finally , I could not end this speech without congratulating the rapporteur , Mrs Redondo Jiménez , for the sensitive manner in which she has dealt with what is a most delicate issue for Portugal .
I sincerely congratulate Mr <unk> and Mr <unk> on the relevance of their oral question on this issue .
I am very far from satisfied with the statement by the Council and the Commission , which really has nothing new to offer .
I therefore appeal to the sponsors of these amendments to consider withdrawing them .
So there are no differences of opinion as far as the main substance of the report is concerned .
A <unk> majority had already supported and approved President Barroso in July .
We also need reliable data on what Europe sees as the very negative question of planting , in other words reforestation and similar activities .
The decision to promote all the possibilities of information technology to improve the Union &apos; s competitiveness and the aim to take Europe to the number one position in the world as an information society player are both essential ingredients in the promotion of economic security .
I think it appropriate to point out , on behalf of the Greens also , that there is a close link between democracy and the media and that there is no doubt that today &apos;s main information service is television .
During this past year , several of the states in the Helsinki group have already in effect caught up with those in the earlier Luxembourg group .
May I add that this concerns an extension for quite a long time - about 33 years - and thus this project falls under the rules of public procurement and thus competition must play a role in the award of the contracts .
The <unk> study published at the end of last week clearly shows those blood products from paid and unpaid donors are without doubt equally safe .
Funds must be targeted mainly at emphasising the educational dimension of sport .
Mr President , with regard to the report by my colleague Mr <unk> <unk> , I am <unk> between three feelings : satisfaction , regret and a wish .
It will now be put to the governments in the EU Council for consideration .
We shall now proceed to the vote .
We would like to stress at least three of them : firstly , the continuing colonisation process , both in the Gaza <unk> and in the West Bank .
In the search for consensus on this complex issue I have consulted widely throughout the Union and taken suggestions from all sides of this House .
I am saying this just to show how things stand .
Question No 9 by <unk> Martin ( <unk> / 02 ) : On the question of health risks , a lot can be done to improve health and safety .
I would suggest that in this regard we incorporate the <unk> and Solana proposals and the contents of the <unk> report , which are very sensible .
This is a sign that the peoples of Europe are moving closer together , a sign which <unk> and anticipates the reform of the European institutions and procedures .
What is more , this does not have any effect on the delay in the decision-making process , because even if we had agreed the Commission &apos;s proposal three weeks ago , the timing of the first discussion in the Agriculture Council and also in this House would have been the same .
That is why I particularly welcome the information campaign launched by Parliament , the Commission and the Member States , together with all the information events and future <unk> for interested parties .
The word that is used about them in Chinese society is <unk> &apos; .
It is crucial that the Member States have effective criminal legislation in place and adopt measures for police and judicial cooperation .
I think it is very important for the next Parliament to have a practical basis on which to proceed further .
When voting we , the <unk> , were guided by the following basic principles .
Any doubts as to the commitment of all Council of Europe Member States to the rule of law and human rights as defined in the European Convention on Human Rights must be <unk> .
This provides an historic opportunity to get rid of the EU &apos;s failed planned economy .
In this regard , I would like to table an oral amendment requiring the Member States to provide this information every three years instead of every two years , for this <unk> with the text of a subsequent article .
This is demonstrated by the new Commissioner for Social Affairs ’ acknowledgement that only 10 % of the ‘ Lisbon Strategy ’ objectives have been achieved .
I would point out to my Belgian colleagues that the <unk> coalition , which always presents itself as the <unk> defender of a social Europe , actually opposed the Commission when it proposed to tighten up European legislation on this subject .
.
We believe that the human body and any organs or substances obtained from it are inalienable and <unk> .
So we have reservations about the accuracy of the report but we welcome it and have voted in favour .
<unk> must be made , therefore , to use , and <unk> , hazardous chemicals in such a way that it becomes impossible for them to spread , even in trace form .
However , we confirm , we cannot just play a waiting game on an issue which is , moreover , very urgent .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market has discussed the question of extending the internal market to the candidate countries in a highly committed and serious manner , because an internal market between such different economic areas as the European Union and the candidate countries is unprecedented in economic history .
The Council really looked after number one ; to be sure , it improved things for the Commission to a certain extent and put a little <unk> Parliament &apos; s way , as <unk> a father .
There is a set of principles we believe in almost as a dogma , although I do not like dogma in anything , probably not even in this .
We should have some sort of umbrella which links and coordinates them .
High taxes and social charges are therefore only one reason among many .
You yourself reminded us of our Kyoto commitments in terms of global warming .
The fault lies with the person who <unk> the funds , who should not have been so naive - and in this regard I am sorry to say that the programme and the agency were headed by an Italian - but also with the Taliban for their irresponsibility , and it is therefore right to condemn them , as the resolution indeed does .
Many are familiar with the world of professional sport , but , as you well know , all of them have at least two things in common .
The fact is that there is a <unk> of controls provided by legislation .
So , the promotion of sport also <unk> and <unk> other Community projects , ranging from the fight against racism and social exclusion , to the inclusion of disabled people .
It is stated therein that as a Community we shall strive to reduce disparities in the level of development of individual regions and the degree of underdevelopment in less privileged areas .
( DE ) I very much welcome today &apos;s vote in the plenary of the European Parliament in favour of accepting the ten countries that wish to accede to the European Union .
<unk> to particularly favourable weather conditions , cotton production in Greece was <unk> in the <unk> season .
We saw that the first action to be taken when the tanks entered the refugee camps was to ban the media .
<unk> setting up a new <unk> for consumer protection within the Commission is far from enough .
So a framework has been established .
I will focus on the area of consumer protection , as I am responsible for this particular section in the report and resolution .
Such demands are appearing from the position of power held by those that are in the European Union , against the powerlessness of those that are only just exercising the right to acceptance into the European Union .
We already know that domestic consumption will remain low for the next two years , and this is true for the EU as a whole .
A black box shall be installed on board ship .
Those who have often visited Palestine and Israel know this .
Let us make that point <unk> : I am not prepared to be judged on my relationship with America by whether or not I agree with Richard <unk> .
What shows how much contempt a government can have for its own people is the relevant article – no .
It is not true that <unk> <unk> has been abandoned .
As Mr Patten has said , we have on the table a legislative working programme - but not only that - presented by the Commission following the Tampere conclusions .
The convergence criteria have created the temptation to reduce public spending , a phenomenon which has led to anti-European feeling .
Secondly , improving the coordination of activities between the different European Union institutions , especially between the Commission and the European Parliament .
- ( SV ) Parliament is responsible for granting discharge from liability and for monitoring how the Commission has utilised the Union &apos;s funds .
About 50 Members have signed for this motion to be dealt with in Parliament .
Work is of course being done all the time .
As the Council representative pointed out , those countries which are now using the agricultural chapter to delay the work on enlargement are assuming a big responsibility .
This is for one fundamental reason : at the point of voting , two paragraphs were removed from this opinion of the Committee on Petitions which seemed to me to be extremely important .
It concerns the need to find a successor to occupy Mr <unk> &apos;s position .
Madam President , I am sure that Mr Corbett did not intend to <unk> my position , but he <unk> did .
In front of the international observers , including our group , as well as the international media that was present , <unk> Zana , a small and <unk> woman but a great <unk> and a great politician , was beaten - there is no other word for it - by the <unk> <unk> of the soldiers who were there for the trial .
<unk> costs are <unk> near covered by the widely varying insurance systems within the Union .
I may add that the Commission &apos;s initiative in presenting this position was an important initiative because it acted like a sword of <unk> , effectively <unk> the <unk> into getting a move on .
I would like to discuss what we should coordinate at European level and I would like to do this in a democratic manner .
This percentage is a familiar figure .
<unk> have made it clear to us - for example , in the EU / Russia <unk> round table - that they want to invest in Russia .
Therefore , we have to find the right balance , which is not easy .
The amendments introduced by our rapporteur , leaving it to Member States to choose between excise duty at EUR 60 per thousand cigarettes and excise duty plus VAT of 71 % of the price , represent the lesser evil , and , politics being the art of the possible , I will , of course , follow the rest of my group in voting for Mr Katiforis &apos; report with full conviction .
Finally , what impact , if any , would this have on guaranteeing on a Europe-wide basis the car which may be bought in another state ?
<unk> should be protected from cruelty regardless of cost , but under one condition : that we apply the conditions of the European Union to all those who export their animal products to the European market .
In response to the Prestige disaster , the Commission announced a raft of measures designed to minimise the risk of future accidents involving ships such as the Erika and the Prestige .
I remember those people who asked for the immediate replacement of the Commission that had resigned .
Europe &apos;s solution to something which is not working is to put even more Europe into it , thus a new fisheries agency is created , based in Vigo , Spain .
Regarding the new structure of Europe , I obviously refer you back to my previous reply .
Let me extend my group ’ s thanks to the rapporteur , Mrs <unk> , who has produced a <unk> and responsible report ; she could , of course , have yielded to the temptation to introduce lots of nice amendments , but either the Commission or the Council would have ended up preventing us from putting them into effect .
I believe this represents a major success , and I cannot help emphasising the specific role played by my group in the inclusion of standardised and <unk> verification methods in the directive .
The United Kingdom , as Tony Blair said to Parliament just two weeks ago , takes its responsibilities as EU President very seriously .
Regarding Amendment No 2 , Article 10 ( 1 ) on the financial framework : the Commission has been aware on the one hand of the need to respect the political commitment in the trade and development cooperation agreement to maintain assistance to South Africa but , on the other hand , we have to take into account the very difficult budgetary situation caused by the new commitments made for assistance in the Balkans .
The Council confirmed the EU &apos;s <unk> to <unk> dialogue , in particular on human rights and democratic principles .
Before this takes place , though , they must meet certain criteria , which must continue to apply .
rapporteur .
The next item is the report <unk> / 2000 by Mr <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council directive amending Directive 93 / 53 / EEC introducing minimum Community measures for the control of certain fish diseases ( COM ( 1999 ) - <unk> / 1999 - 1999 / <unk> ( CNS ) ) .
In life as in politics , clean cut solutions are rarely sensible .
Much of this is now familiar to you , but what was achieved three weeks ago was important .
There is therefore no doubt that the success of SMEs will mean success for growth and employment in Europe .
Europe now has greater disparities than ever before – and this is especially true of <unk> Europe .
I cannot support proposals for increased military cooperation , which I consider to be a national issue .
So how can we be sure of the current capacity of the Latvian fleet and that these transfers will not lead to an increase and more <unk> ?
Any reference which might have been made to that institution has been explained by Mr Herman .
For that reason I fail to understand the misgivings that have been voiced , particularly with regard to small and medium-sized businesses , because it is precisely those firms which have the least onerous obligations in this respect .
It rejects the Commission &apos;s proposal in its entirety .
At the end of the day , what we want for the benefit of European consumers , let alone European <unk> operators , is sustainable , robust , <unk> competition .
The old view of why the EU exists is no longer enough for our citizens .
I must therefore urge the Commission to ensure that the Danish rules on export aid are <unk> as soon as possible .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
That does not , however , necessarily include ongoing <unk> vaccination , to which I wish to express my opposition .
For that reason , we strongly advocate a Community office to monitor the enforcement of the CFP .
At last , we have the first practical and effective instrument for <unk> European competitiveness at a global level and an important stimulus for investment in innovation to support European businesses , especially small and medium-sized enterprises .
<unk> it against the situation of Flemish ports and my party &apos;s priorities in that respect , I am glad to see that the rapporteur has focused on the right things .
We need to get a change in procedures .
In both debates , Parliament demonstrated the alternative ways in which it can exert influence in spheres in which it does not have legislative competence : this afternoon as a political and public forum in which debates sometimes become heated , and now as a guardian of the rights of our citizens .
Personally speaking , I welcome all of the above .
Not wishing to add my voice to that of the supporters of a <unk> policy , I have nonetheless voted in favour of this resolution which , moreover , has been improved along the way by an amendment by Mr Souchet .
We buy around <unk> 000 tonnes of bananas from the ACP countries , including the Côte d &apos;Ivoire and <unk> .
We say ‘ no ’ to those who claim it is ‘ them against us ’ .
I propose that a coordination unit be set up for these multidisciplinary teams .
The Commission intends to take due account of scientific opinion in the actions to be taken .
I think that the fact that the vessel was <unk> in an unsuitable condition was the responsibility of the owner , the captain , the oil company that owned the cargo , but above all , it was the responsibility of the classification society <unk> , whose inspection conducted in the port of <unk> four months before it sank had not been correctly carried out according to the audit subsequently conducted by the International Association of <unk> Societies .
Georgia cannot do it alone .
This policy was drawn up in order to manage a common resource and to respect the commitments laid down in the first European Treaties .
We understood the report was being deferred until the second December sitting in Strasbourg , and so we did not have the opportunity to discuss it .
The traditional family is no longer the norm .
However , for numerous reasons and the games which some people may play , we should I think give the national authorities strong powers of control , perhaps under a system of provisional licences .
This directive <unk> Community standards to the more extensive ones contained in the Convention on the <unk> of the <unk> , and this , as we see it , guarantees free competition on all internal waterways with the same high safety standards applying in every instance .
So the enlargement process will last several years .
At the end of the day , we need to be proactive instead of <unk> .
That said , I can only reiterate that cooperation with the Tribunal is a vital element .
I do not want to dwell on this any further , but I would still like to ask you to come up with realistic solutions that no longer create the impression that employment is something that capitalists can play about with .
Workers know that an economic and monetary policy which aims to promote the <unk> of the masses and to reduce public expenditure at all costs needs the backing of workers who are <unk> , adaptable and flexible &apos; .
Such a development would alter the nature of collective negotiations , ignore the role of the <unk> of forces in determining the contents of collective agreements and , finally , transform trade unions into mere <unk> of government decisions .
One of the things that is most clearly and importantly needed is the <unk> and simplification of the existing body of law – the – not only to ensure that businesses can operate more freely or properly across the internal market , but also to guarantee that individuals recognise where their rights are protected ; that there are clear and defined rules to ensure that big business cannot overrun the rights of workers ; that consumers cannot be <unk> under foot because of decisions taken by financial institutions or whatever else .
25 % of the Commission is made up of women , and the figure is <unk> % in the governments of the Member States and <unk> % in national parliaments .
As far as the latter is concerned , Community programmes for nuclear research are established by the Council which , pursuant to Article 7 of the Euratom Treaty , acts unanimously on Commission proposals .
This report on health care and care for the elderly is timely .
Despite the grounds for <unk> that I have mentioned , I must once again criticise the fact that the use of Portuguese and the availability of interpretation in this language – which , it must be remembered , is the third most spoken European language in world communications – are repeatedly passed over in the Joint Parliamentary Assembly sessions in favour of other languages ( and very much minority languages in the ACP context ) , thus denying <unk> parliamentarians a level playing field with the remaining members of the Assembly .
That is why we have endorsed this overall sum .
But it is also the responsibility of the governments to take measures to alleviate the difficulties and provide solutions for the sectors that are most affected .
The debate is closed .
( The President declared the common position approved ( as amended ) ) The accession of the countries of Central and Eastern Europe , Cyprus and Malta , provides us with a historic opportunity to unite all the nations of Europe on the basis of shared ideals , and to make the whole continent a more stable place .
I just hope the <unk> <unk> do not get banned by the European Parliament one day when you debate Mrs <unk> report .
I would ask the Commissioner to tell us what he thinks of the UK &apos;s opting out of this attempt to produce social cohesion .
.
What response has been given by the Council to the suggestion made by Commissioner Rehn at the January <unk> meeting that , in a bid to overcome the current stalemate , the Commission was ready to consider adding Article 308 EC as a second legal basis of the regulations on aid and trade ?
<unk> of best practice is important too .
I would like to know what legal reason the Conference of Presidents has found for not adding another part-session in 1997 .
<unk> among us is of course a manner of speaking .
We must ensure that we adapt our rules to the reality of civil society .
Perhaps he should reconsider his position and , in that capacity , perhaps reflect more the position of the trade committee than that of the agriculture committee .
The priorities were then to be converted into figures and the calculations into euros and <unk> .
There were about 40 separate meetings between Irish Ministers representing the presidency and various committees of Parliament .
Commissioner , does it not worry you that it appears that in Germany next year , instead of falling , net government borrowing will increase by a further 0.5 % , despite the fact that income from <unk> licences this year has been like <unk> from heaven for Germany &apos;s finances ?
The poorest in Zimbabwe do not want to <unk> , kill , <unk> and <unk> crops .
But we do not know that yet .
How can we claim that our ingredients are local if they are all modified in a laboratory ?
Mr President , regional policy is second only to the agricultural budgets in constituting the most important European investment in terms of integration and achieving the Lisbon and <unk> objectives .
Only then will we be satisfied that we have a fair process in place on multilateral investments .
The profile of your actions must therefore be very high and focused on the major international options , most of all the new Constitution for the <unk> , under which every step forward will be welcomed but no step backward will be allowed at all .
I voted for Amendment 37 calling for the rejection of this draft directive , which retains the negative points of the previous legislation such as the opt-out and begins the process of dismantling the working time rules .
I am glad that the <unk> Parliament has adopted a resolution in which it asked the Spanish Government to support the role of the Security Council so that the work of the inspectors may continue , so that the use of force outside the context of the United Nations may be rejected , and I am glad that the demonstrations in the streets , in the city of Barcelona and in other main cities in Catalonia , have demonstrated that our country is against war and in agreement with its Parliament .
Obviously , it is up to each Member State to decide what equipment , etc .
they will use in a European crisis management situation .
In the annual report I have given an account of the activities in this field so far .
They have the prospect of joining the European Union once they meet the conditions , as promised for the countries of the western Balkans at the Thessaloniki Summit in 2003 .
The second point I would like to make is that monasteries are now being used as places where pressure is exerted not only on <unk> , but also on the general population , in an attempt to <unk> them , and it is because this sort of thing is unacceptable under any circumstances that I ask you to vote in favour of this resolution .
Equally , the idea that Turkey must join the EU in order to be transformed is incomprehensible .
As for what to do , whether the Commission takes a decision to follow up these ideas , or whether to just leave it as it is , the explanation is exactly the same , and to save time at this late stage I would simply suggest that there is a possibility to come back to this .
This makes the road to European Union membership longer for Turkey .
There is no hope any more .
One thing in particular was the theme of respect and partnership ; respect for the people of Africa and partnership with them .
Under no conservative government – whether that of Mrs Çiller or that of Mr Poettering ’ s great <unk> Mr <unk> – has Turkey made such progress towards democracy as it has done under Mr <unk> an .
It is crucial that the Convention responsible for framing the text completes its work in sufficiently good time in order to be able to deliver the charter by the end of this year .
Who is this report aimed at ?
If the transfer could supposedly have been done from the start with the same amount of water that is now being proposed - i. e. half the amount - does this not show that the government did not look into all the socio-economic implications , the alternatives and the availability of the resource in detail before its proposal ?
Mr <unk> was rather <unk> and I would say to him that in a meeting of the consultative commission on racism and xenophobia set up by <unk> Kohl and François Mitterrand the vote in favour of the principle was 14 to 0 with 1 abstention .
To achieve this , we stepped up our contacts with the Commission and the Council , organised more tripartite talks and even held an informal <unk> in Vienna with the presidency and the Commission to look at the issue of flexibility .
The plan is for negotiations between Milosevic and the <unk> leadership .
The current , tragic situation of the Kurdish refugees is an example .
We need to take this task in both hands , and I think that this oral question can contribute to that .
But this budgetary readjustment must also be accompanied by true structural reform , and Mr Chanterie underlined that just now .
My group also considers it to be right that in its proposal the Commission goes further than the year 2000 because in the Environment Council agreements were made for the key year 2010 .
Mr President , I should like to start by thanking Mr <unk> and the honourable Members for their report .
Without oil or other <unk> , it is trying to gain a <unk> in the new <unk> economy .
Greece is welcome in <unk> , and all Member States in the euro zone must respect the letter and spirit of the Stability and Growth Pact .
Mr Verheugen will shortly explain to you exactly what he said and why he said it .
The historical dimensions of the present moment are beyond dispute .
Two thirds of its <unk> go towards this .
This perhaps affects only the Commission and Parliament , but I am very grateful indeed for the fact that you , Mrs Diamantopoulou and you , Mrs Péry are here , and I am very much looking forward to hearing your points of view on all the amendments .
This proposal is one of numerous initiatives seeking to combat <unk> immigration .
.
Has it not in fact been asked by the Court to make such a submission ?
Our task is to make the four freedoms a reality in the European Union ; our objective , to build the internal market , making it a domestic market for all – employers , workers and consumers alike .
That is why I wish to welcome the initiative by Mrs Karamanou in drafting a report on the rights of women in the Balkans .
There is no other solution .
Nor is there any doubt about our pleasure in seeing one of our fellow countrymen occupying this post .
However , I will also stress that our communication deals with fisheries and how to come to grips with depleted stocks because , unless we reverse the trend as regards <unk> and fishing effort , we will not deal with the problem effectively .
We believe that a whole raft of amendments to this proposal for a directive are necessary , and regret that the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy has not adopted these .
So a great deal has to be done in this area .
Not even the stay of execution until 2008 provided for by special safeguard clauses will solve the problem ; it will do no more than alleviate it .
We are convinced that unilateral action , and potentially a military response , is neither effective nor justified .
Not only foreign policy , but internal security and environment policy as well .
I would much prefer it if in the future the Council did its share of the homework rather better .
The US navy itself stated in its report on the <unk> deaths in the <unk> that <unk> had been the most likely cause of death .
Mr President , last night , I dreamed that the Italian , French , German and Portuguese Ministers for Finance and the Finance Ministers of other countries said to me : &apos; You see , Mr Fatuzzo ?
These efforts were based on the provisions of the Treaty of Maastricht through which an attempt was made , albeit <unk> in Denmark , to make the electorate and the world around us believe that developing European political parties was an important integration factor .
I would particularly like to remind Mr <unk> that he should recall where the <unk> originate from , that <unk> art was born in Turkey , and that the truly Christian French <unk> did not hesitate to call upon the <unk> Empire to fight against the Pope and other European States in the <unk> Century .
I am in favour of stronger measures .
The Commission is also able to accept the first part of Amendment No 28 , which includes the text of the Commission &apos;s proposal on the type of committee to be called on to deliver opinions on specific measures .
Let me take this opportunity to remind the House of Mr Marset Campos ’ report on its behalf , which said in plain language what is now to be done .
All the negative features of a <unk> system are manifest there .
Consumers who make claims have , therefore , a local point of access and information .
I believe that this report will enable real progress to be made towards achieving greater maritime safety .
The Commission will , of course , readily respond to the specific request that the House be informed well in advance of the agenda items for the committee meetings dealing with <unk> in accordance with the provisions of article 8 of the directive .
Yes it has .
We should not be signing up to any deal with Morocco that leaves any doubt whatsoever whether Western <unk> waters can be included by the Moroccan Government .
Instead , investigations will be launched and action taken .
However , I hope that you were also glad that I was there for some of the time as rapporteur on the White Paper .
We therefore strongly reject Amendments Nos 84 , 85 and 86 , which reiterate this misunderstanding and in the end put Italy in the <unk> line all by itself , as if all media problems were concentrated in our country .
Is this a decisive agreement ?
Governments <unk> split their projects or defer certain parts in order to remain below the threshold , the aim being to put orders in the way of local or regional SMEs .
This will , of course , be statistical information only and it will not contain any personal information on those recipients .
Many of these targets have been debated on various occasions at European summits but have ultimately fallen by the <unk> .
It also means that countries within the EU will have difficulty producing new technology – which is precisely what this document says they should be doing – with a view to taking the lead by banning dangerous gases and forcing alternatives to be produced using just such new technology .
One of these was the <unk> amendment that the Committee on Budgets keeps tabling for the inclusion of a recital emphasising the <unk> of transparency , scrutiny and compliance with budgetary procedure .
The same applies to the <unk> transported from <unk> .
Concerning Amendments Nos 1 and 2 , the Commission supports Parliament &apos; s wish to be informed appropriately , in advance , about budgetary issues or other issues connected with the implementation of the Protocol .
Mr President , in view of the Resolution of 3 December 1998 , to which the Kuckelkorn report does not appear to contain a reference , Parliament once again is obliged to request that the Commission produce as soon as possible a directive or , as Mr Medina Ortega appropriately suggested , a Community law coordinating the various national laws .
A social code of conduct is desirable as of now .
on the proposal for a Council decision on the implementation of a programme to encourage the development , distribution and promotion of European audiovisual works ( MEDIA <unk> - Development , <unk> and Promotion ) ( <unk> ) ( COM ( 1999 ) <unk> - <unk> / 2000 - 1999 / <unk> ( CNS ) ) This is an explicit request .
Can people who themselves are ( or who have been ) <unk> , be recognized as refugees ?
When the time comes to make preparations once again for a summit in 2004 , it would be better to use the convention format .
The licence provided for in Amendment 2 safeguards the activities of small producers under controlled conditions , <unk> <unk> , traditional <unk> and items with historical value .
Our government is conscious of the importance of the subject , given that , at the time of ministerial <unk> , two years ago , we included as one of our political priorities the promotion of the role of women in Luxembourg society , by setting up a <unk> for the <unk> of women .
All the Nepalese need to do is to take a look at their neighbours in Tibet to see the damage a <unk> dictatorship can do to an ancient Asian culture .
You all know how important I consider the issue of such control to be .
Mr President , through you I should like to thank the whole House for its participation in the <unk> of Scotland <unk> .
It has proved effective .
Unfortunately these have been blocked by the Council .
Since 1991 , and particularly since the entry into force of the partnership and cooperation agreement in 1998 , we have stepped up our cooperation in many areas , giving particular support to economic and social reforms .
The Commission has already proposed , some time ago now , that a service be set up at European level to deal with natural disasters .
We have to set aside time to examine all the effects of unborn - and possibly <unk> in nature - species and varieties on people and the rest of nature .
Why have they had the need ?
The European Union worked literally until the last moment to try to broker agreement on those key issues .
It has been replaced by the word ‘ identity ’ , which is not at all the same thing .
Report ( <unk> / 2003 ) by <unk> Berenguer Fuster , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the proposal for a Council regulation amending Regulation ( EC ) No 40 / 94 on the Community trade mark ( COM ( 2002 ) <unk> - <unk> / 2003 - 2002 / <unk> ( CNS ) ) <unk> enough , we can also put up EUR 10 , then we are being even more responsible and then perhaps everything will be fine .
No one will have seen the text before arriving in Brussels on Monday afternoon .
Has there been any threat of sanctions ?
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to draw your attention , on behalf of the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance , to the importance of the common agricultural policy and of the role of the Commissioner assigned to the agriculture portfolio .
Nevertheless , there was sufficient evidence that the environmental integrity would be seriously compromised .
For example , they gave undertakings on what data they would not use and how they would handle the day-to-day <unk> use &apos; .
The Commission remains responsible for failing to reveal the negligence of others and for not proposing adequate changes .
Let me now turn to some of the key concerns .
This concern arises from two figures : the funding requirement for the trans-European networks in the period <unk> , as set out in the Delors White Paper , is ECU 200 billion , but the resources earmarked for these networks for the same period amount to ECU 1 , <unk> million .
Thus , from this perspective , and notwithstanding our successful attempt to secure a <unk> of some thousands of extra euros , the proposals that we make in this Chamber remain just as unsuitable in the face of the universally recognised need for investment in laboratories , hospitals , universities , retirement homes , high-speed train services and so on .
Eurostat is a case in point .
It is important that he emphasised that this issue is within the competence of the Member States and that it is through cooperation and coordination , rather than direction and enforcement of individual acts of legislation , that the best results can be achieved .
This joint Council must also fulfil the serious undertaking to support employment being incorporated into the revised Treaty , the right to employment being recognized in constitutional terms in the Treaty on Union , and the <unk> &apos; concept being upheld as one which shapes and <unk> the entire Treaty on European Union .
Those sectors include professional activities , banking , financial and insurance services , and energy supplies .
These included more operational powers for Europol , a European police college or more stringent measures to combat money laundering , and cooperation with the candidate countries , for these are very often the countries where organised crime originates .
At the same time , it is our duty as democrats to enter the debate with the <unk> .
Mr President , Madam President-in-Office of the Council , what an interesting answer .
Until we know what they look like and until they have been fully implemented , we cannot contemplate lifting the moratorium .
It is therefore not a question of whether or not extending the Court ’ s jurisdiction is rejected but rather about making a different choice with regard to the priorities .
Mr President , I thank the President-in-Office , who is here today to give us a response .
<unk> this report is also the opportunity to welcome the <unk> and <unk> initiatives that will certainly play an important role in developing more effective SMEs friendly environment within the Union .
The most recent round of these extremely important consultations was held in Brussels on 8 September 2005 and they will be continued this year under the Austrian Presidency .
<unk> , thank you , just let me get on with my work , I &apos; m presenting my explanation of vote . &apos;
It is a matter of eating every day , of working , of existing and of being able to send their children to school .
Are they happy about that at your neighbouring car <unk> sale ?
I know this was far from being your intention , Commissioner , but that is the impression people got and it must be <unk> !
This report and this text is now more favourable in every respect than the original proposal of the Commission .
<unk> / 96 by Mrs <unk> <unk> , on behalf of the Group Union for Europe , on juvenile detainees in Honduras ; <unk> / 96 by Mr Bertens and others , on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democratic and <unk> Party , on juvenile detainees in Honduras ; <unk> / 96 by Mr Newens , on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , on juvenile detainees in Honduras ; <unk> / 96 by Mrs <unk> <unk> , on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left , on juvenile detainees in Honduras ; <unk> / 96 by Mr Cassidy and others , on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos;s Party , on juvenile detainees in Honduras ; <unk> / 96 by Mr Kreissl-Dörfler and Mr <unk> , on behalf of the Green Group in the European Parliament , on juvenile detainees in Honduras ; Romania The second recommendation concerns supplementary questions .
This is to take place through , for example , analyses , statistics , reports , information activities and evaluations .
A code owner would choose whether to apply for endorsement , and a firm would , therefore , choose whether or not to join this code .
Let us see who obtains what from the budget .
Today , industry will go away and take on young people - researchers , doctors , <unk> - whose job will be to look for alternatives .
Commissioner McCreevy , you would be able to win us over if you said to us today that the services of general economic interest are best kept outside of the scope of this directive , but you have stated the opposite .
I should like to conclude with one last comment to the House , regarding the provision of information to consumer organisations and the maintenance of contacts with these latter .
Another question is the range of services .
Most importantly , I wanted to say to the Commission , face to face , that it is crucial that the condemnation of OLAF by the Court of First <unk> in <unk> <unk> – <unk> / 2003 , as my fellow group member Mrs <unk> <unk> has brought to our attention , be followed up by action .
In particular , it is important that she managed , by achieving a very broad majority in committee , to ensure that the requirements of the small institutions - the savings banks , the cooperative banks , the small and medium-sized businesses - are also given due consideration in this important legislative project and that what is called internal rating , i. e. the internal assessment of credit risks , will be given the same status as external rating , as proposed by the Basel Committee .
It was only because of the willingness of the Swiss people , through their referendum on 5 June , to see greater cooperation between Switzerland and the EU that I was able to proceed with my proposals .
It also signifies entry into an area of joint prosperity and the prospect of unlimited finance for the structural reforms they hope to intensify .
<unk> in the quality and efficiency of the legal system of other partners in the Union contributes towards the gradual development of a European legal culture .
Secondly , there is general agreement in the scientific community that <unk> in drinking water may have positive or negative effects depending on the concentration .
Madam President , the Community structural measures to help fisheries and aquaculture are designed to amend an old regulation dating back to 1993 , revising three aspects of it : product promotion ; aid for the creation of producer organizations and confirmation of exchange rates for the budgetary ECU .
This means , for example - and I see this as the most important thing of all - that there can be no export of GMOs without the express consent of the country of import .
We have shown that we do not have to <unk> down harmonisation to the lowest common denominator but that it is quite possible to set a binding highest standard for all the EU Member States .
It would take a different approach in comparable cases today .
I take such protection to mean preventive measures for the protection of the environment and , in the context of a joint monitoring of the coast , also an effective resource for combating crime at sea .
This concern on the part of the Commission would also apply to Amendment No 39 , to which various Members have put their name .
We must have the courage , therefore , to blame the traffickers in human beings , those who exploit them , and not the immigrants themselves .
In other words , more of the same !
And , in conclusion , Mr President , let me also insist upon the fact that , in addition to the measures proposed , there are also legislative measures and , most especially , adequate budget allocations to back up these political initiatives .
Does the Commission agree that what is essentially a positive process – the creation of a single labour market – is at the same time causing a serious problem in the form of a brain drain , which needs to be resolved by joint EU efforts as well as by the efforts of all 25 Member States ?
As we know , the Council adopted a motion in March to amend the Stability and Growth Pact and its two pillars .
But it is the polluter who should pay .
The farmers are seeking higher value creation .
As Mr Esteve himself stated , it is the only issue on which all those in the Mediterranean area agree .
As a result , the interests of specialist breeders , who are of course those most affected by the current crisis , are neglected to the advantage of mixed and intensive cattle <unk> .
We are in a <unk> situation .
Madam President , the World Trade Organisation has set 13 May as the deadline for Europeans to lift the embargo they have imposed on imports of American meat that has been treated with hormones , and particularly <unk> .
<unk> , many others were not adopted .
Until literally the last minute , he has been <unk> the compromises in collaboration with the Council .
Thank you Commissioner .
In this regard , I noted the degree of flexibility on the part of the Council , a constructive flexibility , which could be interpreted as indicating , ‘ we have also been very respectful ; it has been an exceptional case ; the issue cannot now suddenly be reopened ’ .
It creates opportunities for social contact and for being together and helps people flourish .
It is also necessary for the different observation teams to work together more closely .
Even in the Libyan desert , therefore , recycling is a real consideration , and that is why I advocated a derogation for these from the outset – which has in fact been laid down in the final resolution .
Mr President , Mr von Wogau has submitted an excellent report .
Mr President , Mr <unk> , once again , the chief <unk> who was responsible for the budget and capital accounts in 2001 was also responsible for the 2001 financial statement .
I invite Members to sign it as soon as possible so that we can hold a major debate on this proposal .
However , as Parliament will understand , this is a question that arises under the so-called third pillar and largely remains an intergovernmental issue .
Furthermore , at international level , we urgently need to set up the International Criminal Court , a process that has been underway for several years but is now marking time .
If fighting mass unemployment is the number one challenge for the future of Europe , then it is not only necessary for those involved to agree ; the context in which action should be taken , as well as what it should consist of and the timetable , must be laid down .
That is a reminder of what has been missed in Sri Lanka as a result of this violence .
In the recently approved joint statement by the Council , the European Parliament and the Commission on the European consensus for development , the European Union commits itself to the more predictable and less volatile aid mechanisms .
Mr President , all I can do is warmly recommend people to vote in favour of this report .
It seems pertinent to insist on the need for the Union to be especially careful in complying with the code of conduct for responsible fishing , to which we are committed as members of the FAO .
That is not what we need right now .
This year an enormous network of fraud has been uncovered there .
Modern administration means that the citizen is not the authorities &apos; <unk> , but one of its customers .
There was corruption on a massive scale , but if you take a look round the associated countries , the candidate states , you will detect the same trend there .
That means that in future we will have to consider a much <unk> strategy , which will have to encompass an entirely new agricultural policy , an entirely new trade policy and an entirely new consumer protection policy .
It is a great pleasure for me to see that the Commission and the Council have succeeded in reaching agreement on a strategy .
The aviation sector is responsible for some jobs but it should not be forgotten that making aviation pay its way in terms of taxation will create thousands of jobs in other sectors .
I can only say , as the new <unk> of the Greens , that I went to the administration and to the Court of Auditors back in November or December and pointed out that I had discovered a number of errors in the management of the finances on entering office , that there was mismanagement and that I would fight to get this mismanagement dealt with over the next three months .
It is with this perspective in mind that I have made some initial contacts with the <unk> of the relevant committees to look at the budgetary implications for 2003-2004 , and I had a useful meeting yesterday with the budgetary rapporteurs of the relevant committees .
The debate is closed .
The proposal we are discussing today does not give the consumer any freedom of choice , but neither does current practice , despite claims to the contrary .
We will therefore vote against his text , which is a mark of unreservedly <unk> to the neo-liberal ideology .
I would like to wish President Prodi , Vice-President Palacio , who is responsible for Parliament , and whose qualities I have every confidence in , and all the other Commissioners who will have responsibilities in my areas of activity - Mr Patten , Mr Verheugen and , above all , our <unk> colleagues Mrs Reding and Mr Vitorino - the best of luck and much success and I would like to offer them good and constructive co-operation .
This is a fantastic rate , so let us keep it up .
It was generally known that <unk> , who had heart problems for a long time , was not receiving the proper treatment and medication in prison .
Questions to Mr Byrne It is not unnecessary to work on the reorganisation of the Treaty to make it more readable , more accessible to citizens and in order to imagine one day the simpler amendment of common policies , as opposed to the fundamental principles of the Union .
I have not yet seen it genuinely guaranteed in totalitarian states , even left-wing ones .
There is much talk of official languages of the Union and it is forgotten that many millions of us citizens speak languages which are not official , though they are official in our own different spheres .
In future , the Commission must not prevent us from taking bigger steps .
I can think of no better signal to our citizens that Europe is working for them .
That is simply not on .
Questions to Commissioner Fischler What was mentioned concerning sugar in the Caribbean is more complicated .
This is mostly the case , but not always when the so-called special delegates are involved .
The French Prime Minister , Mr Jospin , has , in recent days , been making statements to the contrary .
The joint work programme which we adopted in January with <unk> Primakov , then Foreign Minister , involves a number of other joint initiatives , particularly in the areas of space , scientific , transport and energy cooperation .
In a society geared to recycling , the concern to cut back on waste will be considerable .
The same applies to combined heat and power , and renewable energies : we have legal instruments and we should apply them .
What has it done to encourage the development of renewable energy sources such as <unk> energy ?
Mr President , I thank the Commissioner for his answer , although he must understand that I do not agree with him in all respects .
We have trade .
The letter and spirit of the treaties would thus be reconciled .
If we want everyone to have job opportunities and to be able to support themselves , we must of course favour companies that create jobs for people with disabilities .
The Community initiative for small and medium-sized companies , which is to be controlled by the Commission itself , is also not functioning properly .
Now it is a matter of starting to implement the political decisions of Luxembourg as quickly as possible and of getting the Commission to come up with a suitable proposal for a legal basis as early as possible in the New Year , because we can only help small and medium-sized businesses if a legal basis is created for such expenditure .
Here the Commission must accept responsibility as a college for having acted against the opinion of the scientific committees .
In view of the fact that negotiators at the WTO were unable to agree agriculture negotiating modalities by the 31 March 2003 deadline , does the Council consider that satisfactory progress can be made in other areas in time for the <unk> WTO Ministerial Conference in Cancún in Mexico next September , and that more acceptable agricultural proposals can be considered in the meantime in line with the negotiating mandate it gave to the Commission , and how does it regard the views expressed in the US by the Director of the Institute for International <unk> , Mr <unk> , who said , according to Reuters , that the WTO negotiations are more likely to stretch on until the middle of 2007 when the White House &apos;s current trade negotiating authority expires ?
It is being used for geopolitical engineering purposes , apparently under the guidance of the intelligence services .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the employment report for 1997 confirms the worsening of the job market situation in many details .
Let me once again explain why .
This is a unique event and something which will have fundamental consequences for Parliament &apos; s work in the future .
I should like to make three brief points , the first of which concerns paragraph 1 .
It puts great pressure on natural resources .
Joint resolution on tourism ( <unk> / 97 ) In view of the deteriorating situation in Zimbabwe , what measures does the Council anticipate can be put in place in the Common Position that would be likely to send a clear and strong message to President Mugabe ?
( The sitting was adjourned at <unk> a. m. for the formal sitting and resumed at 12.30 p. m . ) The Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens &apos; Rights greatly <unk> this and <unk> in its lot with the common position of the European Council of Ministers .
Which means that it is up to the political powers that be , and in particular the Council and Parliament at present , to act swiftly to resolve this crisis .
As my final point , let me say that transit policy is evidence of the fact that the Danish Presidency , to which I am very grateful , is at work right through to its last day .
Each party has stood up for itself .
Therefore , it is to be regretted , as the Commissioner said , that we are seeing a cut in the budget .
This must also be the basis on which we again strengthen our transatlantic ties , which bind us to the great democracy on the other side of the ocean , but these must be founded upon our own strength , on which any partnership must be dependent .
<unk> observance of the Treaty should equally be one of the requirements for the appointment of the President of the Central Bank .
Many colleagues have mentioned the low turnout at the last European elections - 49 % overall , 24 % in my country .
The action plan for biomass and the EU biofuels strategy involved us having communications submitted to us , which were discussed in depth and taken forward by the Council as appropriate .
I have never seen an election like it .
, in writing .
.
And I could cite in this way further examples of specific cases , almost as many as there are <unk> countries and territories .
What a tragedy it would be if , in our endeavours to win the stability battle , we lost the trust and backing of our citizens , the trust and backing that are the foundations of the European democracy you represent .
The idea of having stricter rules for the labelling of animal feeds - granted for the sake of argument that maize and soya <unk> are feeds - than for novel foods is something that would be beyond me to explain .
The pending implementing regulation must be drafted carefully and take Parliament ’ s views on the matter into account .
The alliances on employment which should be pursued and respect for the interests of the social partners belong in this context .
We need to have a clear signal , President-in-Office , when you meet the day after tomorrow .
Will the Commission provide an interpretation of the secret Council declaration and confirm that , once the OECD agreement is ratified , it will no longer be possible to grant state aid to the shipbuilding industry in the Union ?
And it is also a fact that economic recession , unemployment , social exclusion , the appearance of new diseases , the ageing of the population , as well as advances in research , improved therapies , the development of new techniques of diagnosis and treatment have all had a profound effect on the levels of mandatory social and health cover .
Moving ships across the North Atlantic costs money , of course , and there are enormous risks involved .
There are many people within the European Union , some notably from Germany and the Netherlands , who feel that Ireland should not be given extra resources under the next round of EU structural funds , 2000-2006 .
We also have new thematic priorities , namely security and space , and also socio-economic research .
However , the Russian Republic has been heard more or less to say , although I exaggerate , &apos; that sanctions should not be envisaged against India because it is a good customer &apos; !
The Lisbon Process must not be allowed to become the <unk> point for a large number of new projects at EU level that require funding by the Member States .
Obviously , ways must be found of avoiding what could be pointless burdens on our companies and , as many have emphasised , on small and medium-sized companies in particular .
( Parliament adopted the joint resolution ) Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , how much pesticide will the consumer tolerate ?
<unk> balanced social and economic development , in other words spatial cohesion , can only be achieved if local communities and regions are equally involved in spatial planning and decision-making from the outset .
South Africa &apos; s transition was acknowledged by the <unk> Peace Prize being awarded to the two presidents : the last president of the apartheid era and President Nelson Mandela , that great African <unk> .
The net result has been that a group of perfectly <unk> Irish architects were discriminated against and their movement in the internal market <unk> .
The principle is to provide a kind of safety net , if colleagues can follow my drift .
Mr President , we opposed the forthcoming enlargement of the European Union , involving the accession of ten new members .
It is only four <unk> away across the <unk> stretch of <unk> .
Needless to say , I also checked out how the Members from the new countries felt about this , and this has not produced any other <unk> .
There is also one point of view which I have a particular interest in laying before you ; it is perhaps particularly of Swedish or Scandinavian interest , but that does not make it any less important .
They have a problem which they are unable to solve on their own .
The conclusions are : first , strengthening the implementation of the Convention on Biological Diversity and monitoring progress towards achieving the 2010 biodiversity target ; secondly , making progress in implementing the programme of work on protected areas of the Convention on Biological Diversity , and in particular on its objective to establish a global network of comprehensive , ecologically representative and effectively managed national and regional protected area systems .
In this field we chiefly need investment in infrastructure , which was particularly hit because of the consolidation process in 2001 , with a level of <unk> % of GDP .
This situation does not worry the federalists for whom , when the Commission speaks with a single voice , we gain in strength .
We have already cast votes , on which we are waiting to receive confirmation from the Council , on participation in common organized crime and on corruption .
What have we done in the face of this situation ?
The sober fact , which nobody can overlook , is of course that the uncertainty on the global financial markets has led to situations of crisis in some regions of the world , including Latin America .
( 3 ) The European car industry is heading towards a fairly serious structural crisis , with production capacity about three times too high and neither the European internal market nor the world market in a sufficiently <unk> mood to absorb it , quite apart from the question whether that would be ecologically defensible in any case .
Commissioner , I have listened to you answer this question on a number of occasions .
And what we teach is the strength of law , not the law of the strong .
Secondly , we must ensure we have a more integrated policy at European level , a more harmonised CFP .
The state systems should therefore equal with a good basic pension both for men and women .
As its author is not present in the Chamber , Question No .
17 lapses .
It does not discriminate between a bus full of children or a tank .
The European Union cannot remain silent , powerless and passive in the face of the dramatic events that are taking place in that country .
With regard to what is known as the substitution approach , set out in Amendment No 23 , I do not believe it is applicable in this context , for the companies and the industrial system we are addressing need facts and <unk> - which we are providing in this directive - precisely in order to be able to invest in research and develop the <unk> necessary to achieve the objectives .
In conclusion , Mr President , the safety factor certainly imposes a responsibility on all Member States towards the citizens of Europe , but we agree with Mr <unk> &apos;s view that a great deal must be done to strengthen and improve this safety aspect , not least in connection with the States of Central and Eastern Europe and the <unk> .
By focusing our attention too narrowly on only the activities which take place within the EU , we risk harming our industry without achieving much-needed progress in lowering emissions .
We heard a lot from Mrs Lynne about the impact on <unk> in the entertainment sector .
<unk> food scandals , the dictates of large-scale <unk> , the European desire to give <unk> to the agricultural world , we have been spared none of it .
Precisely for this reason , they should be the last public investments that should disappear or stop being well provided for financially .
This is an essential part of respect for the political priorities laid down each year by Parliament in its financial document , a part which the Commission is sometimes wont to overlook .
.
Madam President , although I am of the opinion that the irradiation of food is to be avoided in principle , I have made up my mind to vote for the Bloch von <unk> &apos; report , so that in the Single Market there can be better information , better monitoring and thus better protection of the health of consumers .
I have practised in family law myself for a number of years and I have seen the difficulties and delays suffered by couples of mixed marriages involved in <unk> cases .
This is nothing more than an attempt on the part of the regime to gain the support of opposition Members of Parliament .
At that time I was very surprised .
The great majority of people are to suffer so that the economy can flourish and we can keep to an unrealistic timetable .
That condition is not fulfilled in a Community in which several of the leading countries are <unk> by racism and in which xenophobia culminated in the recent <unk> in the <unk> of a ship carrying women and children refugees from Albania .
We will be discussing with the Iranian authorities how to secure access for all aid workers , issue visa <unk> to the various NGOs working there both now and in the next few months , and ensure normal access for the benefit of victims and others in the country .
The two <unk> have been dominated by the negotiations on renewal of the Lomé Convention and I look forward to the signature of a new Convention and its rapid ratification by all the countries concerned .
I hope the Council will offer new commitments to extend financial support to projects aimed at limiting small arms proliferation and their use – currently just EUR 2 million in the CFSP budget – and by building on the proposals for an EU strategy for security sector reform , started under last year ’ s UK Presidency of the EU and , indeed , at the Austrian Presidency conference on the western Balkans .
We could indeed take this as the first item with half an hour set aside for questions specifically on Iraq .
There were of course positive and negative aspects to this .
There already exist workable methods for the temporary storage of <unk> fuels so there is no need to use the framework programme to finance this sort of research .
However , the Commission ought to begin by focusing on sectors where extensive legislation has actually been adopted .
Before the final vote : These standards of course are not to be found in the <unk> conditions which exist in Latin American <unk> .
This is a difficult and ambitious objective , but it can be reached if a similar commitment is made by all ministers - by all ministers and , in particular , by all the regional and local authorities concerned .
I have also followed closely the proposals and views expressed .
I think Mr Van Hulten made the point in the course of the debate again .
However , I should like to reiterate that we have three basic resolutions .
As Europe , we must counter this with intelligent , <unk> policy , and I expect that the Swedish Presidency , together with our former fellow MEP , Mr <unk> from the Security Council on behalf of the Swedish Presidency , can play an excellent role in this matter .
It also reminds me of every kind of fraud , including the financial kind .
Thank you very much , Mr <unk> .
The committee expressed an opinion on the outcome of the consultation on the Green Paper on supplementary pensions in the single market , just as it did on the Green Paper itself .
More courage and more consistency are needed because , although we recognise this fact - and the Council and Commission have done so too , at the Luxembourg and Cardiff Summits - we are failing to act accordingly .
We want increased levels of trade and the elimination of the many barriers that still remain in some countries for some goods and for most services .
This led to strikes and <unk> campaigns by <unk> trade unions , whereupon the proposals were abandoned and replaced by a <unk> compromise .
However I feel that Parliament has concentrated a little too much on the additional improvements that might be made , and not quite enough on the positive elements .
For example , I see the enhancement of regional and local employment initiatives and the greater emphasis on equal opportunities for women in employment policy as being positive , although I believe that Mrs Theorin &apos; s criticism in this respect is still valid .
In an open area in which freedom of movement of citizens is the rule , the consequences of this situation are clear .
Even worse to my mind has been the <unk> reference to the work of the officials who prepare employment statistics .
It has made it into its evil master , to continue the proverb which I quoted earlier .
Mr <unk> , the appeal to the will of the people for support for enlargement might not have been as successfully carried out as it could have been , as in all political processes , but what I found most remarkable , what struck me the most , was this new striving to implement the principles of democracy , solidarity and respect for minorities which has transformed Eastern Europe .
Having so many times heard <unk> comments along the lines of ‘ what is it in the <unk> no <unk> vote that you do not understand ’ , I want to add that , in actual fact , opinion polls and <unk> have told us precisely why people have come out in favour of , or voted against , the Constitutional Treaty .
A bigger role for gross national product would no doubt make the present system simpler and fairer , but it would not give the Union greater financial autonomy .
As ever in such situations , the cost of conflict falls heaviest on the weakest in Nepalese society .
I think you will understand that I wanted to give full answers to the questions on this important issue of pensions .
On the one hand that is very <unk> because it shows the broad interest that exists , but on the other hand it shows how difficult this task is .
Apart from the serious inconvenience this represents for the employees of the European Parliament , this makes things very difficult for the thousands of others travellers who often do that journey , particularly now with the approach of the <unk> festivities .
The Prime Minister signed the draft at the Convention with his own hand , in common with all the other elected representatives there .
That is not true , because so far the EU has not had the instruments to conduct an active employment policy .
Without specific financial estimates , it will be virtually impossible to attract private investors .
All I can say to that is : in the EU we do not have such massive restrictions on freedom of opinion , as terrible a war as in Chechnya , a judiciary that disregards the rule of law as completely as in the <unk> case , or prison conditions as inhumane as those experienced by Mr <unk> and Mr <unk> .
That does not mean that the <unk> does not use violence as such , but the one who carries the main responsibility should be addressed first .
In a number of countries notably my own , Poland , very large sections of public opinion are <unk> concerned by the decision to <unk> all reference to God and to <unk> from the preamble .
Very recently , the Financial <unk> invited the European public to <unk> <unk> policies .
As has already been said , we , being a major consumer , need to present a more united front on the world market ; we need to mobilise and form <unk> with other consumers .
I now turn to the resolution .
For some time , the Council has viewed with concern the situation in Belarus , in terms of human rights and their suppression , of the opposition , and of civil society .
It will also be a better system from a technical point of view , with 30 satellites providing better coverage .
I would like to point out , Mr President , that , in this agreement , our three institutions commit to ensuring better coordination , better communication and cooperation in carrying out their legislative responsibilities .
<unk> the Commission to act and then going back home and denying all responsibility when the Union &apos;s action comes in for criticism is not playing the game .
We must always remember this ; it is what the European strategy decided in Thessaloniki says and I believe that the European Union has every strategic interest , despite enlargement <unk> , to strengthen these European prospects of the countries of the Balkans .
Mr Lannoye specifically mentioned the problem of closer cooperation .
With the exception of one small political <unk> , we in Greece subscribe to a common position in this matter .
Ladies and gentlemen , I would ask you to observe a minute ’ s silence in memory of our fellow Member , <unk> <unk> .
And that we find <unk> , as is the <unk> of some Member States , because the only thing which the stepping up of monitoring over the past few years by the Member States and the Commission has shown is that driftnets of the regulation length are not economically viable ; some Member States &apos; fleets have stopped using them and where they are still used it is thanks to aids granted by some Member States .
He should apply the same logic to the slightly higher cost of interpreting in Strasbourg , because the choice of Strasbourg is also a political choice , symbolic of <unk> reconciliation .
That is precisely why we need to set clear boundaries , but it does not mean that we should categorically condemn certain things .
But why ?
But we cannot vote in favour of them either , because we do not agree with the form of admission procedure which has been passed .
My question , however , was different and was about past results .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the report on the application of the Cohesion Fund in 1994 , which deserves our full support - and I take this opportunity to offer my congratulations to the rapporteur - includes various amendments tabled by us , accepted by the rapporteur and approved in discussion by the Committee on Regional Policy .
This is also one of the issues of institutional reform and the Laeken Declaration .
We shall not obtain a dynamic and competitive Europe though further detailed regulations or through the EU &apos; s taking on responsibility for an increased number of areas .
Mr <unk> said initially that you had not asked him a question and that he was not therefore going to reply as President-in-Office of the Council .
In Dublin , at the end of your presidency , we would like to see a determined practical commitment by the Council actually to reduce dramatically the numbers of young people on the unemployment market .
Yes , it is most gratifying that the hospital is now fully up and running and that it has been treating patients since the summer .
Thus , maintaining the amendment would <unk> our joint efforts and the objective of facilitating a first reading agreement under the codecision procedure .
Tomorrow , distribution by cable may , however , gain ground .
I believe that this is a country that deserves our full support .
The Group of the European People ’ s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats endorses his report .
She had to wait for different vehicles to pass until the right one came along , with a low floor , so that she could actually get on that vehicle .
Does the House not think that the European Union , which claims to be fighting for the environment , should review its position on and fund these projects ?
Reducing the economic divide between the two sides would also reduce the costs of reunification for Greek Cypriots and the Turkish Cypriot dependence on Turkey .
The Varela Suanzes-Carpegna report reads like a wish list compiled by European <unk> and Mercosur ’ s <unk> , who aim to establish , as quickly as possible , an EU / Mercosur free trade area .
The reasons for this situation lie elsewhere , I think .
Unfortunately , it is very likely that the Protocol will not gain the number of <unk> needed for it to come into force .
Besides this statutory action , cross-border cooperation needs to be fostered in order to cover specific issues of interest to frontier workers such as social security and taxation .
In relation to the labelling issue , you have asked me what will be put in place at Community level in the legislation regarding labelling .
We are somewhat surprised that a parliamentary report should say so little about the genuine suffering felt by the communities that will be hard hit by this plan , communities that we represent .
There is nothing preventing us protecting and even improving the revenues of small fishermen and those who live off the sea and have no other means of support .
<unk> calculations lead to the same conclusion .
Guantánamo is a symbol of the victory of barbarity over the rule of law , but I have to tell Mrs <unk> that Guantánamo is unfortunately not an <unk> : it is just the tip of the <unk> , because in recent times the idea has been to fight terrorism by using the same barbarous methods that terrorism uses , and that is leading to our defeat .
Some fellow MEPs labour under the <unk> that I , along with other MEPs , denounce any religious interference in politics .
An assembly is a place of debate and discussion and , if necessary , of decision-making .
<unk> illnesses ( FR ) When I spoke this morning I asked that this summit should not turn out to be a mere <unk> of good intentions and that the objective of full employment , with all the consequences that that implies , should become more or less the sole objective from which all the rest are derived .
Ladies and gentlemen , I feel that what we have here is a tool that is vital for the enlarged Union , one that the Commission will make use of while taking care to play its &quot; guarantor &quot; role fully , firstly to make it possible for countries that wish to work together more closely towards major new common goals to do so , and secondly to counter any risk of fragmentation that unregulated use of such cooperation might bring .
I put this resolution forward on behalf of the ELDR Group because I believe the EU arms embargo should not be lifted on 17 January .
I am convinced that , in this case , the United Kingdom &apos;s representation is acting with solidarity and treating all EU citizens equally .
The new Member States need support ; the principle whereby they immediately become net beneficiaries is the correct one , as it takes into consideration their <unk> rating .
This was a key message going out from our committee .
It therefore needs to receive assistance as soon as possible from the European Union Solidarity Fund to be able to carry out <unk> operations .
There are two factors that have had a particularly marked effect on the discharge procedure for 1996 .
We must not submit to ideologies or dogmas either , however , let alone seek to establish new ones .
We want to put the necessary resources at Europol &apos;s disposal to enable it to be truly <unk> effective .
In addition , provisions need to be drafted for each sector with regard to daily breaks , weekly breaks , other breaks and night shifts .
Three : although we agree that the European Union should be proactive in this area , we must not lose sight , in parallel to these efforts and as we coordinate the efforts of the Member States , of the individual identity of each country and of the cultural identities and diversity which exist in the European Union , especially its linguistic diversity .
The common agricultural policy , for example , <unk> <unk> away more than 40 % of the budget , but is well known to be a politically <unk> entity , which Parliament , absurdly , is not even allowed to discuss .
This is our simple analysis and this is why we continue .
He deserves our full support .
Fourthly , let us not just train researchers , but also let them carry out research into things that are usable !
We must , however , search our own conscience .
Well , this aspect is still conspicuous by its absence from the proceedings of the conference .
My group &apos; s understanding is that the Conference of Presidents did not take any decision in this regard and that the debate will be without a motion for a resolution .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p. m . It also concerns me that Commissioner Patten , who is present , is not sufficiently sensitive to the serious problems currently faced on the southern side of the Mediterranean , where Tunisia plays a very important role .
It therefore accepts most of Amendment No 22 , which we prefer to Amendment No 5 .
Mr President , I am addressing the House in support of the proposal from the Committee on Fisheries aimed at excluding from the system of <unk> preferences tuna <unk> and preserved tuna , a proposal which was rejected , as the rapporteur has already said , by the Committee on Development .
On behalf of my Group , I once again condemn these terrorist acts .
In relation to farming , we need to look at the long-term consequences of the kinds of chemicals – such as pesticides and <unk> – used in the soil .
They are all calling on us to help develop our capacity for reacting quickly , <unk> and at operational level .
Thank you for your answer , Commissioner .
I hope that the Council and the Commission will now follow it up properly .
There must be an proper ongoing debate on the kind of Europe we want to build .
Let me once again inform all those who are still not sure about them of the rules of play .
Mr President , we would not have held this debate this afternoon .
I do not believe that there is a perfect solution .
So you see , Mr Evans , the Commission is able to accept the six amendments proposed at second reading , subject to a slight change to the wording of Amendment No 3 .
The Temporary Agency Workers Directive is another complex and politically delicate issue .
We now examine how this resolution should be followed up .
The issues that Parliament had expressly found to be problematic have not disappeared , either .
Let us suppose for a moment that the agreement between <unk> and <unk> is concluded .
Can the Council inform Parliament as to which EU Member State central banks are fully privately owned , which ones are partly so , and which are fully publicly owned ?
When the <unk> were in power , illegal <unk> <unk> were protected by the police .
The <unk> of the funding available indicates that the Union reached the limit of its absorption capacity long ago .
This form of transport takes up a great deal of space , is noisy and contributes significantly to the greenhouse effect .
I believe we could therefore follow a different procedure to that which we usually follow , as there is no point in taking 20 minutes for one question .
In my view , the proposed Amendments Nos 18 , 19 and 25 make the current legal position stricter in an <unk> way , particularly for the <unk> industry , and I believe they should be rejected .
He made clear that the major <unk> issues are those concerned with the institutional questions .
First , we must promote this market economically , we must engage in business development , so that this market can emerge at all .
On this occasion , the Austrian Presidency was faced with , among other challenges , an extremely difficult task : that of giving impetus to the process of completing , within a reasonable timescale , the various pillars that make up Agenda 2000 , and of doing so at a time when the Union was <unk> with budgetary tensions .
There are , however , those who would regard any confrontation between the Council and the Commission as positive , as if this might somehow be to Parliament &apos;s advantage .
May I make a brief comment on this very matter of transnational lists ?
May I express my appreciation to the House and in particular to the rapporteur , Miss <unk> , for the excellent work that has been undertaken , and can I also commend the Transport Committee , not only for a sound report but also for its initiative in organizing a hearing on air safety where all parties were given the opportunity to express their views on this important , indeed this vital subject .
The chairmen of the other committees share my view on this .
This legislation , if it signals the end of just one elaborate box , fancy bottle or something wrapped in plastic and sold in a <unk> <unk> , will have done its job .
The target in SAVE II is not ambitious ; 1.5 % increase <unk> is not ambitious .
As I said yesterday , just as there is agreement about the Lisbon objectives , there is also general recognition that we urgently need a new , strong and courageous attitude .
We already know that tomorrow Parliament is going to give its full support to negotiations for EU membership with countries which have been forced for a long time to <unk> in the shadow of the <unk> <unk> and under the pressure of Soviet <unk> .
I shall concentrate upon the aspects which concern the question of climate .
Mr President , as a member of Parliament &apos;s Committee on Fisheries and of the Committee on Budgets , I would firstly like to congratulate the Commission - just as Mrs Fraga has done - on the speed with which these agreements with Mauritius and Senegal have been forwarded to Parliament .
Terrorism is a phenomenon that contains a political rationale requiring the achievement of certain aims and also requires a degree of power .
They were fully in action until 9 September when they had to be <unk> for security reasons to Australia .
– The next item is the report by Charles Tannock , on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , on the European neighbourhood policy ( 2004 / <unk> ( INI ) ( <unk> / 2005 ) .
The next item is the joint debate on : It marks and imposes the overcoming of ethnic standards and historical and cultural <unk> through dialogue and assent .
We cannot afford to <unk> our responsibilities here .
When might the Commission be expected to reach that decision on this issue which European consumers are really waiting for ?
Instead , there is harm to the consumer .
It is astonishing that society does not really recognise its own failure to harness the experience and potential of older generations .
Yet in Berlin it was not provided with anything near the funding that this House and the Commission rightly called for .
The Commission is not at all happy about a situation in which it is under constant supervision and <unk> that the weight of the Member States <unk> its freedom of action and therefore , in its view , <unk> the effectiveness of its assistance .
.
And I believe , ladies and gentlemen , that we have taken an important step forward with this action plan , although we still have a long way to go in the fight against organized crime .
We have agreed that the Greens will withdraw their amendment , because point 4 is an adequate means of presenting this request to the Commission .
What are these other sundry expenses ?
Ireland has not yet implemented the 1992 <unk> Directive .
The forestry strategy is planned to be not only for such countries as Sweden , Finland and Austria , but is also to take account of all circumstances throughout the European Union .
But in my opinion , to do nothing and to let Saddam Hussein carry on <unk> and <unk> as he has done for seven years with the world community , would lead to the spread of weapons of mass destruction and we sit there like paper tigers , who have lost any claim to authority in this world .
Fourth and last point : the suffering of animals .
I should also like to mention Mrs <unk> and Mr Whitehead .
So let us nail that particular argument .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in the field of the environment and public health , the main problem with the European legislative process is not its inability to produce appropriate legislation .
One comment about the election : we know that only about 30 % of Pakistan &apos;s population voted , for a variety of reasons .
It will not be able to take any decisions , or to anticipate any institutional reforms , but it can define guidelines for the Vienna summit and of course also set signals , signals designed to make the European Union more credible .
Question No 46 by John <unk> ( <unk> / 97 ) In my opinion , Mr President , these are the fundamental points .
I assume that the Foreign Ministers and the Commission will discuss Zimbabwe in Barcelona and decide upon suitable , wider sanctions and a strategy to involve the whole region .
Both proposals are currently before Council and the European Parliament has already considered them on two occasions .
The Single Act , which <unk> the need to complete the internal market where there would be free movement of goods , persons , services and capital , has been a notable success .
Freedom of thought is not <unk> in Cuba .
In fact , I must congratulate him , on behalf of the Commission , because the content of the report confirms the analysis made by the Commission in this sector .
I should like to draw your attention to two key facts , before making two proposals .
We want growth and employment .
Parliament rejected the motion for a resolution Arms trade code of conduct As for tourism – which was also mentioned – exchanges would be facilitated by extending the visa waiver programme to all our Member States .
Like it or not , this should be Turkey &apos;s <unk> in tackling what is a domestic problem , by granting autonomy to the Kurds and fulfilling one of the conditions that will enable it to make a dignified entry into Europe at some date in the future .
Please wait a moment .
These regions suffer from the highest rates of unemployment and from the emigration of their most highly qualified technical specialists .
The report proposes many helpful suggestions and I am very grateful for this .
What does the honourable Member want ?
The complex political system evidently did not cause any obstacles .
These bans or restrictions may not , however , be applied either as a means of arbitrary discrimination or as a <unk> means of restricting trade between the contracting parties .
Obviously , the Commission cannot accept amendments that are not consistent with this and which might in future even prevent the problems I have already mentioned being resolved .
I would like to ask the German MEPs to help put a stop to the discrimination against new Member States .
We should place a financial emphasis on the Slovak Republic , for none of the associated states requires our support as urgently as the Slovak Republic , which is a profoundly central European country .
Other committees and Commissioners , and , of course , the Council , will be seeing to that .
<unk> that , since the conclusion of the agreement , the Commission has never come back to ask for additional production cuts , as I explained earlier in response to Mrs <unk> Arias &apos;s supplementary question , apart from a return to the correct way of <unk> the production level in 2001 .
It demonstrates how we can introduce the new technology of genetic modification .
– Mr President , the Irish presidency has the chance to deliver on the great promise – made to the public ten years ago – that the European Union would become deeper before it was enlarged .
There is plenty of room for cooperation in the field of fisheries , and with willingness on both sides , it can , and must , be achieved .
Secondly , it is important to stress that we will find out shortly from the WTO dispute settlement system whether or not our current amended banana regime complies with the WTO rules and , to the extent that it does not , we will have to put our house in order .
First of all I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Menrad , very warmly .
Over the last twenty-five years , <unk> from Russia , Saudi Arabia and now the US have wanted to try out their various experiments on Afghan society .
Was qualified majority voting agreed for foreign and security policy , as the presidency proposed ?
I think , we have a lot of persuading to do .
I appeal to you to vote for peace , for a diplomatic solution and against the war .
We have now learned the real value of natural resources .
Thirdly , technical interoperability must not be compromised or undermined on account of national monopoly formation or abuse of a dominant position .
Mr President , we at the European Parliament must respect the principles of the rule of law , which means that we must uphold judgments of our European Court of Justice .
As a member of the European Parliament &apos;s ad hoc delegation on Chechnya , I am disappointed about the cancellation of our delegation visit , which had been confirmed with the Duma .
It is important and a matter of urgency that there should be a clearer link between agriculture and the environment .
Such a solution would help create the climate we believe to be necessary for a better relationship with Europe generally and the international community as a whole .
These phenomena have been denounced repeatedly , both by our committee and by the European Parliament as a whole .
In its communication of November 2002 , entitled <unk> : <unk> the <unk> of Aid &apos; , the Commission responds to just those promises made at Monterrey .
To have nuclear weapons on alert nine years after the end of the Cold War is <unk> and creates great risks for us all .
Mr Carnero has the floor for a very brief procedural motion .
Regarding the first point , I think you mentioned the notorious <unk> &apos; ambiguity of doing business on an equivalent basis .
It is not just about the legal arguments that have been exchanged with the authors of the four questions during this debate ; what is really important is the political issue of whether we wish to promote peace at this point or not .
The budget is not usually an emotive subject .
This should really make us think .
In particular , we deplore the continued <unk> killings , the widespread imposition of forced labour and the forced <unk> of local populations , as well as the repression of political opponents and the prevention of the free functioning of legitimate political parties .
Mr President , a veto by one of the permanent members of the United Nations Security Council has blocked the extension of the mandate of the UN preventive deployment force in the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia because that country has entered into diplomatic relations with Taiwan .
In Recital 8 there is after all clear reference to the principle of subsidiarity .
The first is that the Erika was registered in Malta .
That is also the reason for the - quite justified - repeated complaints about the lack of consistency when private law is <unk> in Europe .
This House needs to recognise that we must come together to create better social dialogue and a better awareness and social responsibility for those in employment .
It is thanks to this presidency that there is this recognition .
In other words , we must stand shoulder to shoulder as equal partners and strive for success .
Nor is it sufficient - and Mrs Van Lancker is right here - for the <unk> to be our only source of funding for employment policy ; in any event , that is another matter which will have to be dealt with in the next parliamentary term .
The economic aspect is also extremely important .
From the first of May , citizens of the new Member States may travel throughout the Union without passports .
The recent example of the establishment of the <unk> <unk> <unk> &apos; to promote tourism in traditional private homes is just one example of a joint initiative in society which is on the right track , but which will be but a drop in the ocean if it is not <unk> and extensively <unk> .
The honourable Member is right in pointing out that the last few years have witnessed a number of concentrations between large retail <unk> in Europe and in that respect the Commission has had to review among others such transactions as <unk> / <unk> , <unk> / <unk> and <unk> / <unk> .
All I know is that there are over 100 directives that my own country has not even implemented .
<unk> of this are the Community initiative <unk> and the <unk> , which is precisely the instrument enabling the measure being examined to be adopted .
. – The question that is being raised , in Portugal as in other countries , concerns the integration and coherence of high-speed links with the remainder of the rail network , forming a coherent web of access for populations , ensuring connections with the regions of the country and other countries , and contributing to economic , social and territorial cohesion .
This report will therefore be put to the vote by simple and not absolute majority , and will not entail either approval or rejection of the Commission &apos;s management .
How , then , is that to be done ?
For some days now , Members of the European Parliament have had reason to wonder whether the Commission &apos; s internal communications are being treated as <unk> .
It will certainly have to be very inventive if it is to correctly carry out its task without itself causing pollution under the guise of waste recovery , given that incineration discharges heavy <unk> particles and dioxins into the atmosphere , that cleaning generates unwanted <unk> and certain recycled materials have not found a market .
It is a matter of the greatest urgency that the European Union not only condemns Serbia &apos;s actions in Kosovo , but also employs the economic , political and diplomatic methods the Union has at its disposal .
That is why I insist that Europe is a promise – a promise made 60 years ago on the brink of the <unk> that was Auschwitz , and in the <unk> of Europe .
Does Europe not have a special responsibility to play a powerful cooperative role in this region ?
At second reading , there was talk in the debate of restricting exclusive rights for broadcasting certain events of major interest or importance .
.
In the <unk> of Africa , which has become the site of every conceivable scourge , 16 million victims of famine , of which 8 million are in Ethiopia , are awaiting aid .
All that the workers want is <unk> , and if that is not possible , then <unk> payment .
The <unk> assembly of the people has come out of this with renewed strength , and that is a good thing .
The Commission has presented a paper on this to the Committee on Budgets .
Should we not also make European policy on visas more flexible ?
For the sake of reducing production , this measure would penalise Member States that are still net importers of meat , which is the case of my own country .
Secondly , the report does not mention the unequal distribution of the , rather limited , funds .
We also support the Member States &apos; initiative to set up a peace and reconciliation committee to help to restore calm on East Timor .
I should like to say a few words on the financial perspective , as I believe it poses a problem .
All Member States are bound by Regulation <unk> / 98 which clearly states that the regulation may not be interpreted in a way which could in any way prejudice the constitutional rights as recognised in the Member States , including the right to strike or freedom to strike .
We appreciate that the economic development of eastern Europe will in the longer term bring economic advantages for all of us .
Four amendments are acceptable partially and subject to redrafting : Amendments 33 , 38 , 42 and 55 .
I would also like to hear from Mr Almunia that he is in agreement with the listing of relevant factors , which are extremely important if the Stability Pact is not to be a box in which we can fit everything , and in which , at the end of the day , the rules can be ignored .
The protection of press freedom and freedom of expression , afforded under the Swedish Constitution , must continue unchanged .
They must be specially <unk> for any contributions they make , over and above that basic farming practice , to improve the environment , promote animal welfare , care for the countryside and help society in general .
They have compromised the good names and <unk> of those people in their own political family who were <unk> to , but not involved in , this murder .
We continue to support all attempts at mediation and efforts to seek peace , and particularly the efforts of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development .
If legislation was necessary , it was during this period .
This is why we urge the Commission , in this sharp and clear resolution , to develop specific instruments .
( Laughter ) We think , at first glance , that the present liability law achieves a fair balance between the interests of consumers on the one hand and the interests of product manufacturers on the other .
I always see it as a problem when we discuss an investigative report that it appears , and becomes , a discussion after the event about something that should have been prevented .
However , on 27 March , along with some 150 parliamentarians , <unk> operators , officials , police , media and others , but with the <unk> absence of any British or French government ministers , I visited the <unk> <unk> at <unk> .
All this ambiguity means that we should perhaps not allow issues of <unk> or <unk> to divide us , but should instead unite on the specific changes that we need to make to the system .
So we are at a stage when great efforts are needed to promote them in the market and to apply the policy of promoting renewable energy sources in practice , in all the Member States .
You can count on me to proceed with the requisite diplomacy .
So , today , we are offered a compromise .
We will therefore endeavour to make some simplifications along the lines that have been suggested by Mr Swoboda , but maybe not to the degree that he envisages .
For this purpose , there must be an end to all support for terrorism and terrorist organisations , both inside their respective states and in the Palestinian territories .
In every conceivable kind of article in magazines and newspapers we even see <unk> of <unk> <unk> the seeds of doubt on the question of whether the 3G sector is at all viable .
The Community must therefore channel its efforts into research and into making funds available , for the purpose of developing and obtaining oral vaccines , effective in all relevant bird species , to combat various <unk> .
We have provided the Commission and the Council with inspiration , for example , in order to provide the justice systems of the Member States with Community instruments which make the defence of freedoms in the face of terrorism more effective .
Mr President , Commissioner , I know it is very late and not a lot of people are here .
You will have noticed that my three minutes &apos; speaking time as rapporteur has run out .
On a point of order , Mr President , concerning Rules 2 , 5 and 119 .
On Amendment No 6 , the Commission notes that while it could find such an amendment acceptable , it is not really necessary since the geographical application of the regulation is well known and already established .
In other words , it supports monitoring on the part of the states .
Indeed , Amendment No 17 may lead to the rapid adoption of new means of disposal which will mean less sustainability .
I shall not reiterate arguments I <unk> in the past .
To complete the <unk> of external transport costs four factors are needed : first , extensive information on current external costs for each and every one of the means of transport and their likely future evolution ; second , external costs must be quantified and evaluated , applying the same calculation criteria to all the various means of transport ; third , when external costs of transport are analysed , quantified and evaluated , the same must be done for external benefits to prevent <unk> , and finally , external costs should be applied simultaneously to the various means of transport , as a function of what each produces and taking account of external benefits in every case .
Are we fully living up to those expectations ?
We no longer have any need for elected representatives to devise the right policy mix .
<unk> the marriage issue <unk> from the real priority , to which Liberals are absolutely committed , which is to give legal recognition to same-sex and <unk> partnerships : that really is a matter of fundamental rights .
As you know , these are primary aims and <unk> of the agricultural part of Agenda 2000 .
Mr Swoboda is right in stating that years of lack of investment in capacity , infrastructure and technology must now be rectified .
Food safety is far too important for it to become yet another excuse for EU integration .
Transparency monitoring must be extended to everything , including banking and insurance products offered to savers , which contain a management input .
Where is the Europe-wide indignation about the Palestinian leaders , who <unk> bombs around their children and , if they are detained by soldiers , are prepared to blow them up in cold blood ?
Far too often , the result of our action is that individuals are not given access to freedom of movement and the internal market in the way that we should desire .
I sincerely hope that they are successful because there are problems arising in Nigeria where exactly the same situation exists .
Last year the EU decided to grant financial aid to Montenegro to the tune of EUR 15 million for political reasons , free of any conditions connected with the prevention of smuggling .
It only remains for me to express my hope that my city , which in 2008 will hold the international <unk> on this very issue of water and sustainable development , can implement projects to restore the <unk> of the <unk> <unk> , amongst others , as a collective means of passenger transport , and naturally to promote its use for sporting and tourism purposes .
My own country , Sweden , is to hold a referendum on EMU in September , and , with each month that goes by , opposition to the euro is growing , both among the general public and among economic and political experts .
The approach should be based on intergovernmental cooperation , with objectives and guidelines set at European level and the possibility of coordinating national efforts .
The next item is Question Time , but we will begin with a point of order from Mr Dupuis , who may address the House briefly .
The European Parliament must condemn the <unk> of the Russian military attack on Chechnya , which does not strike a <unk> of terrorists ; instead it strikes tens of thousands of women and children who have been forced from their homes in the harsh conditions of a <unk> winter .
However , as the rapporteur , I have some concerns .
<unk> the economic dimension , however , we should never neglect the human aspect , that is to say the needs and wishes of the people .
Let us take a fresh look at how better we can plan the long-term survival of agriculture as the profession responsible for food security and safety , taking account of the unique role of farmers as managers of the environment .
This would introduce competition between operators as well as create pan-European services and markets .
Ladies and gentlemen , it is indeed a great pleasure for me to be here with you today to inform you of the <unk> to the promotion of those issues that are examined in the Green Paper on commerce .
We recognise that the European Parliament has a particularly important role to play in this process .
The environment in the Baltic region was badly damaged during the Soviet era .
Precisely in this period of peace between Greece and Turkey we have an opportunity , here in the European Parliament , to bring the people of both countries together and to finally <unk> what they kept trying to teach me , and probably you too , in school in our history books , i. e. that Greece and Turkey supposedly <unk> each other .
The decision to <unk> all of the articles in the treaty appears to me to be regrettable in two respects .
Not all the projects will be opened up ; some will be easier than others to integrate at a European level .
In the first place , there is the political priority of enlargement .
With this , we have , in fact , outlined the <unk> in Iranian society .
We were delighted to hear that the European Parliament will be fully involved in the <unk> process .
The declaration also notes that there is a danger of the crisis spreading in the region , and it also poses a special risk to Georgia &apos; s territorial integrity .
To give a positive signal for enlargement , we should give the candidate countries equal voice in the discussions on the future of agricultural policy .
Question No 53 by ( <unk> / 01 ) : At the same time , the establishment of a regional economic integration area must be underpinned by reliable economic structures and a real willingness to create a common market .
That failure was clearly not in accordance with the Commission &apos;s interpretation of Article 6 of the Treaty which plainly states that the European Parliament must be consulted on the principal aspects of activities in justice and home affairs .
The efforts of all Member States and the EU must therefore focus on four priority objectives .
The United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq played a vital role in assisting the Iraqi <unk> Commission under the most difficult of circumstances .
On no account should production of it be discouraged .
Yes , I am happy to wait a moment .
The debate provides a useful opportunity for me to inform the House of our most recent contacts with the Russian authorities over events in Chechnya .
Mr President , this issue does not fall within the competence of the President-in-Office of the Council and , therefore , I cannot answer .
This way , this black <unk> in democracy could be filled and transparency would be a fact of life in legislation at EU level .
In the case of Romania , the government is working hard to take children out of care homes and move them in with foster parents or relatives .
<unk> , many threats still exist outside the European Union .
That , Mr <unk> , is why I cannot vote for your Amendment No 9 , as item 14 of our motion for a resolution states that we expect the directive to take as standards either the four <unk> tests or other methods offering at least equal or possibly better safeguards .
The weaknesses in the present Emissions Trading Scheme need to be overcome : that means less bureaucracy , a uniform allocation method throughout Europe and greater recognition of past performance .
Are you of the opinion that the Commission can block entire <unk> for plans , or is it just payment of funds for individual projects ?
Yes indeed , Mrs Ahern , that is what I said .
You did not amend it before the sitting and you cannot accept a request for a split vote if you have not amended the deadline beforehand .
This will then be presented to the Commission first of all , then Parliament and finally the Council for approval , with a view to the treaty being signed in Athens on 16 April <unk> finally , the Members of Parliament were not sufficiently involved in the preparatory coordination work .
Firstly , the Council &apos;s fear of <unk> these policies , which some consider as signs of national identity .
Whilst France must now take satisfaction in the fact that the European Union has finally adopted France &apos; s position in the field of prevention , we remain concerned about the appropriations that these new political choices will require .
Surely the laws of gravity apply to people facing <unk> , just as they do to people facing forwards .
Mr President , I have a purely technical point concerning Amendment 13 .
The real subject of this <unk> must be the people , which is paying , more or less for everybody , the price of a situation which , to put it <unk> , is unacceptable .
A fifth Euro-Mediterranean Conference has been arranged for 22 and 23 April 2002 in Valencia .
Approval of renewed planting , premature <unk> , the period of validity of planting rights for wine and a subsidy for <unk> must , as provided for by Amendments Nos 29 to 35 and by Amendment No 37 , cannot be dealt with in the context of this prices package .
– Mr President , Commissioner , what is making things so very complicated , I believe , is the fact that we can never be sure of anything .
It will be an effort that should first of all give us precise information on the contribution that each source can make .
It must be hoped that it is so embarrassing that for that reason alone Members here present will not be <unk> by these attempts to manipulate us .
I would firstly like to take time to reflect a little on the Austrian Presidency that we are about to say <unk> to , a friendly presidency , and one that should be , or is , of enormous symbolic value .
The debate is closed .
It may not be a very popular move but I have seen very little evidence of the people who are making <unk> of <unk> out of football putting it back into football .
The major difference from earlier national declarations was that this is an obligation subject to international legal <unk> .
We could have voted in favour of this joint resolution , as it contains a number of sound recitals regarding General <unk> &apos;s military regime in Pakistan .
Mr President , I should like to thank Mr Seppänen , Mr Brok and Mr <unk> because I think that contrary to what the Chairman of the Liberal Group has told us , the key point has not been stressed .
A healthy combination of external help , help aimed at enabling people to help themselves , and regional cooperation offers the only chance for this region , <unk> by crises , to get back on its feet , at least in the medium term .
The consultation on the Commission communication and my report has provided a fruitful ground for a number of amendments , none of which concern the social dimension of globalisation .
Mr President , I support the Commission &apos;s motion to continue with <unk> 1 .
This means a <unk> of <unk> programmes , harsh implementation of the White Paper &apos;s provisions in relation to employment , with the complete <unk> of the labour market and the <unk> of the social security system .
One proposal , therefore , envisages access as a two-stage procedure , which would mean that the purely formal aspects would be <unk> first , followed at the second stage by examination of the content .
It has also been our experience that the <unk> programme has proven to be the most difficult of all pre-accession programmes , because it makes the greatest demands of the new Members and because , of all the systems , it is the most complicated and carries the most obligations .
What , then , is so terrible about the city of Strasbourg ?
I have to say that such matters merit consideration .
I believe that it would be a mistake to think that it is possible to set in stone the situation regarding the provision of services of general interest within the context of a framework directive or within new legislation .
With its 20 million inhabitants , Nepal has always had to <unk> the looming presence of two gigantic world neighbours , China and India , which themselves have always attracted international interests in political and economic terms to the detriment of other countries in the region .
The lines of division cut across every camp and every group , and ultimately reflect the insecurity of the public in the EU .
I therefore ask the European Union , during its negotiations , to make an extra effort to ensure that this rule is applied to everyone and not just to us .
For the first time , the 2000-2006 payments could even be higher than forecast and I anticipate asking for at least EUR 1 billion more in objective 1 appropriations when the overall <unk> transfer is made .
To enable effective control to be carried out in ports it is necessary to reinforce the body of maritime inspectors and their qualifications , and hence to free up financial resources .
In July I told you of my wish to establish positive cooperation between Parliament and the Commission .
What I am talking about is public involvement , transparency .
The Biarritz European Council took note of the Commission report on the necessary additional measures .
I can reassure Mrs <unk> : the object of our proposal for an amendment is precisely no longer to include only sales on the producer &apos;s holding - when they take place on the holding - but to treat sales at weekly markets and all the other direct sales measures you mentioned in just the same way as direct sales on the producer &apos;s holding , that is to say as an exception and thus as part of the 25 % rule .
Many of you have done that and I am grateful .
So what can be done to ensure that the general public does not have to pay for the excessive risks taken by private banks ?
Mr President , I fully agree with the previous speaker , Mr <unk> <unk> , that the greatest challenge to economic sustainability is the growth in Europe &apos;s ageing population , which is a problem we must tackle while its economic impact is still <unk> .
Mr President , given the reputation , at least in Britain , of buses being late and given the fact that this particular report is coming back to us a second time , having been delayed since April of this year , it is probably <unk> that we are starting a little bit late on the debate this evening .
This survey formed the basis for the Commission ’ s <unk> Procedure project <unk> , bankruptcy and a fresh start ’ in 2003 , which focused on the two issues of to what extent national insolvency law was an obstacle to an enterprise ’ s continued existence and to its making a new start , and what effect the <unk> of failure has on the prospects for success of a business making a new start after failure and on the culture of entrepreneurship in general .
All this is taking place in accordance with the timetable we discussed a year ago .
I would like to start by offering the warmest congratulations on behalf of myself and of my whole group to Mr Anastassopoulos for the quality of the work he has delivered .
An enlarged Europe needs to be stable .
We also expect a decision on every initiative in every direction which might help bring about peace , <unk> the crisis , disarm Iraq and avoid unnecessary suffering .
Since 11 April there have been seven or eight rounds of negotiation between the European Union and the United States ; on the European side naturally some satisfaction has been expressed in that Title IV and the suspension of the United States sanctions have spared some but not all European companies , while , by the way , <unk> hard firms outside Europe .
There has been too much <unk> in Europe recently and Europe needs to remember what it <unk> to America .
I think that the whole process has been helpful and constructive .
These are two things that I feel are important in the context of the debate that we are holding .
We are going to vote tomorrow on this report , which is the result of long <unk> , and I am delighted at the common position that we have reached .
Consequently , the Commission works consistently in the interests of the citizens , employing a range of instruments .
The President-in-Office of the Council is present , having been invited to attend this debate at this point in the agenda .
It is precisely in areas such as migration and asylum policy that we have seen the lack of results when policy is made by way of intergovernmental back rooms .
In view of <unk> &apos;s limited resources and the continuing increase in applications for the use of the <unk> facility , both applicants and taxpayers need to be sure of the highest degree of fairness and transparency .
Why ?
Use of the system proposed in this compromise would not enable the consumer to make a conscious choice .
Mrs <unk> , a Latvian accused of being a <unk> by one of her fellow citizens , has also been replaced .
The debate on the report by Mr Hatzidakis , whom I congratulate , provides us with a good opportunity to get to grips with the political dimension of the current situation and to try to find a solution to it , in line with the decisive reform of the trans-European networks policy which is due to be implemented in the 2000-2006 period .
This is extremely important and everyone should feel concerned because we are , when all is said and done , on the global scale merely a <unk> .
Furthermore , can the Commission tell us which criteria were used for this study and what means will be available to the ACP countries to carry out their own assessment ?
To be honest , I think that I have to recommend to this House that it approve the mobilisation of the flexibility instrument because , in short , it enables us to solve the Serbia issue and because it is a revision that no one is <unk> to call by its name .
And thirdly I would like to underline that we have all been witness to the serious violations of human rights during the <unk> for peace in Iraq .
A small and gradual fall is , I think , acceptable , to be able to make room too for new organisations .
Do the parties sincerely want to implement the commitments that they made at Dayton or do they want to rush into a new disaster ?
It has been our aim all along to have a system where travel expenses are reimbursed where actual costs are incurred .
I will only mention three specific major points and three minor points .
We should leave the arrangements as they are and in my opinion <unk> them indefinitely .
Consequently , any return to the negotiating table depends on flexibility on the part of other leading trade partners if we are to envisage a balanced result .
At least they were acceptable .
Despite this , most European countries still prefer a repressive approach in practice , which first and foremost targets the victims themselves .
In this way close practical cooperation can be established .
The security of the energy supply will be keeping us very busy in future .
I cannot accept it and I will not vote for it .
The most important of these is <unk> agriculture , fisheries and forestry , including the integrated development of rural areas &apos; .
There is a danger that far too much is being expected of Europe as regards this part of the enlargement process and that too much is being expected of Turkey itself .
A final particularly important point has been mentioned by Mr <unk> , and also by some others , and involves the need to pay more attention to the knowledge economy .
However , the excellent networking of the European Ombudsman , which is to be further <unk> in the future , resulted in the cases and complaints in question being passed on to the appropriate agencies .
Mr Commissioner , I am having some difficulty with what you are telling us .
<unk> and asylum seekers easily serve as <unk> for societies that have become the victims of economic liberalism and capitalist globalisation .
If , on the other hand , we look , for example , at the issue of filling top posts - when it is a question of finding a new <unk> Director of the International Monetary Fund - and see how the Europeans behave towards the Americans , then without a doubt we are still a very long way from this equal partnership .
Does asking for the directives such as those on <unk> &apos; , &apos; habitats &apos; , &apos; open air markets &apos; or <unk> &apos; to be amended make one anti-European ?
The EU should therefore give the people of Lithuania a clear signal regarding future membership of the European Union .
All documents must be registered , something that does not happen at present .
– Mrs Muscardini and Mr Queiró , on behalf of the Union for Europe of the Nations Group , on the situation in Venezuela ( <unk> / 2004 ) .
I support the committee &apos;s proposal that the lower limit value for gas oils should come into force as from the year 2004 , instead of 2008 .
When we meet President Bush tomorrow , we shall share with him our wish for effective multilateralism and our commitment to work for peace and provide humanitarian aid wherever required .
Following President Bush ’ s visit to Brussels and the 2005 summit , the tensions we experienced in 2003 and 2004 have been replaced by a new spirit of constructive engagement .
There should also be popular opposition to drugs and <unk> and consistent action on the part of the police and customs authorities .
With regard to agriculture , the Council proposes an adjustment <unk> of EUR <unk> million .
He is quite right in asking the Council for real action because the EU &apos; s own credibility as a partner of the association agreement with Tunisia is in the balance .
Do not make us wait until the end ; let us start this discussion now !
The directive was proposed and adopted to ensure that the precautionary principle could be followed with regard to human health and the environment so that the benefits of this technology could develop safely .
One of the key proposals I would make to the UK Government and to other governments of EU Member States is that readmission clauses should be incorporated into agreements with Russia , Ukraine and the North African countries , in particular Morocco .
I would like to concentrate on the role of parliaments .
Mr Swoboda , I can confirm what you have just said and there is , in fact , a <unk> error .
( The President cut off the speaker ) For as long as Turkey ignores that fact , there can be no accession negotiations .
What is no less necessary is harmonised licensing of plant protection agents .
Unfortunately , Community VAT legislation currently in place in Poland is actually serving as an effective deterrent to potential donors .
The second aspect is your complete independence from possible pressure from governments and parties , and this is vital .
TV viewers do not actually regard films , drama series or game shows as the ideal way of supplying information about the EU .
And the same applies to the satellite agencies .
The issue actually means taking a position on reforms for the whole of EU agricultural policy and the creation of a European agricultural policy .
In fact , the preliminary draft budget is the same as the 2001 budget , and the Commission sees no need for further cuts here , but the Commission will , of course , assist the rapporteur as requested in order to improve the budget <unk> .
I appreciate the remarks that Mr <unk> made and I believe he was accepting the amendment .
Question No 1 by Mrs <unk> Sandbæk was to have been taken over by Mr Bonde , in accordance with the Rules of Procedure .
The Commission can therefore accept all the amendments put forward by Mr Trakatellis .
This is simply a way of acknowledging that , in this <unk> &apos; which the Katiforis report asks Parliament to congratulate , there is no room for employees or pensioners .
The Commission believes that the majority of measures that have to be taken by Member States , for example , transposition monitoring , <unk> and codes of good practice , action programmes and reporting are straightforward .
Furthermore , I agree with the analysis that the &quot; <unk> : EU &quot; label could be abused by countries where food safety is not regulated .
My first question , therefore , is this : would it not be a good idea to organise a meeting shortly before the Council so that our rapporteur can inform the ministers ?
The House has already begun its task .
It is also <unk> about the future .
Mrs Pack has made it very clear that the amendment to the regulation contains extremely positive signs , namely in connection with the questions of decentralisation , the opening up of <unk> to tender , and much more besides .
In practical terms , that will be translated into 230 billion ECU for the period 2000-2006 for the current fifteen Member States and an additional 45 billion , for the new Member States .
The entire transport policy needs to be revised in order to curb , or even reduce , air transport and related noise pollution .
<unk> sanctions and careful drafting of laws will enable us to solve this problem .
I , like Austria as a whole , would urge that a protocol to the Treaty , concerning the implementation of the principle of subsidiarity and strengthening the Committee of the Regions , is adopted in Dublin .
EU Member States , as well as taking part in the release of stocks , were able to increase <unk> exports to the United States , while ensuring that European Union markets remained supplied without any domestic shortages .
As regards satellite telephone services , given the very small number of potential operators and the relatively limited interest in Europe for that service as compared with the <unk> service , <unk> , there seems to be no justification for the Commission setting up a new selection procedure which would delay bringing the new services into operation .
You have the floor for a point of order .
As the rapporteur quite rightly emphasizes , between 1985 and 1995 taxes on employment increased by 20 % while taxes on capital decreased by 10 % .
The new Fisheries Partnership Agreement establishes the basis for a political dialogue between the Community and Morocco in order to identify areas of common interest , thereby taking into account also the particular objectives , needs and opportunities of the Moroccan fishing sector .
This seems to be a less effective measure than possible alternatives if the issue of <unk> the transport area becomes yet another problem ( <unk> opinion <unk>
In December 2002 , the Commission estimated that the creation of an efficient internal market in securities would result in a 1.1 % growth in gross domestic product .
The programme is intended for students and universities all over the world , and I would like to urge that we pay extra attention to universities in the developing world .
These services carry identity and value and , in this sense , cannot be regarded as consumer goods or market services like any other .
I campaigned on the issue of costs even during the previous term of office .
What is paramount , as far as we are concerned , is the fact that the United States and the European Union have many shared interests , not least in the economic area , and we cannot sufficiently stress the importance of those economic interests .
It is for the same reasons that we must press ahead with the enlargement of the European Union .
It should also take into account the level .
In my conclusion , I pointed out that the statements made must not just remain fine words ; rather , they commit us to take practical measures in respect of the protection of animals .
We consider this position to be already <unk> since the Council is working on a positive list , rightly so .
It is with great satisfaction that we have to thank the Commission , and Commissioner Marín in particular , for continuing along that path and seeking to consolidate it in the best way possible .
President , Commissioner , over the years Parliament , the Council and the Commission have all worked to secure a common market for goods and capital , fair trade and free trade for those with money .
We also need rules within agricultural policy enabling small-scale agriculture in the <unk> to survive .
On a personal note , although I believe I would be expressing the feelings of the entire House , I think we should show our gratitude to Mrs Péry for her long years of service as Vice-President of this House .
We have therefore made sure that budgeting will be done in a more structured way in future and that the money can actually be made use of .
For example , the Commission has introduced the European year for fighting poverty and social exclusion , an initiative that we welcome , but has failed to formulate more specific initiatives and effective , <unk> measures which will allow real progress to be made .
- <unk> / 2003 by Mr Sterckx , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the Council common position adopting a European Parliament and Council directive on safety on the Community &apos;s railways and amending Council Directive 95 / 18 / EC on the licensing of railway undertakings and Directive 2001 / 14 / EC on the allocation of railway infrastructure capacity and the levying of charges for the use of railway infrastructure and safety certification ( <unk> Safety Directive ) &#91; <unk> / 2 / 2003 – <unk> / 2003 – 2002 / <unk> ( COD ) &#93; ; Firstly , as a European Union , we should remain the driving force behind the Member States .
However , we would like to draw particular attention to the points which we think the IGC should concentrate on .
However , until such time as we have the integrated policy of sustainable development which the Commissioner referred to , we should follow the sound advice of those who propose that we abandon our restrictive immigration policy and give immigrants full social and political rights .
I think that the N + 2 discipline is certainly preferable to carrying over all the <unk> at the end of the period , which is what we should have done as part of the previous programming for 1994-1999 .
I cannot understand your reply .
The establishment of extensive farming practices will automatically regulate production .
We must sometimes prioritise and be very careful to help each other in this fight .
The opportunity is about to be lost and the EU &apos; s basis has not changed in either a <unk> &apos; or a &apos;green &apos; direction , which we find regrettable .
Finally , are we going to get a European framework for investment in R &amp; D , in education , in lifelong learning , so that we can create a genuine engine for growth in Europe ?
That letter describes the process , now under way , of negotiating with the Turkish Government concerning democratisation as a run-up to the whole application and enlargement process .
We have had to face extreme situations in order for the citizens and the governments to become aware once again of the seriousness of the situation we are in .
Then it unfortunately turns out that the airport , port , hospital , television station , radio or whatever cannot open .
( Parliament adopted the resolution ) What image of Europe are we <unk> to the outside world , Commissioner , if , at the point of entry into the Union , the Schengen system , instead of helping to create an area of freedom , security and justice , is often gradually turning into a formidable instrument of electronic data collection and control ?
It is also important , as has been revealed by the numerous MEPs present at the debate this evening , that this leads to a more profound awareness of the fact that , in order to make advances in national policies , there needs to be convergence and collaboration at European level .
People must be able to feel safe wherever they are in the EU .
We are indeed concerned with trade , but also , and especially at the moment , we wish to emphasise the notion of shared responsibility for the world as a whole .
We in Parliament will , of course , follow developments in <unk> closely and give appropriate support to any Commission proposals for a revision of the directive in a few years &apos; time .
It was agreed to draw up a protocol against trafficking as such .
This proposal will not create these necessary jobs .
I very much endorse the remarks he addressed to the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety .
One objective we must have is to introduce a straightforward and proportional European income tax .
They will have to work for 45 years and , throughout Europe , will have to wait until they are 70 before they can <unk> .
At that time the European Council stated that the Commission , in its proposal , had to take into account the table <unk> the outcome of negotiations .
Mr President , I too would like to join with my colleagues in welcoming the report by Mrs Read .
In conclusion , I would like to emphasize that these new broad economic policy guidelines define the resources for monitoring and controlling the coordination of economic policies .
Until the proposals in the confidence pact - regional employment pacts , reduced <unk> wage costs , integration of young people , avoidance of long-term unemployment , equality of opportunity for men and women - are implemented energetically and more swiftly , we shall achieve no progress in the employment sector .
For example , are any measures such as <unk> proposed ?
Our vote against you and your Commission is therefore a vote in favour of peace , social Europe , democracy and also a new maturity for this Parliament of ours .
We also know that political will is needed in order to combat terrorism .
That is the right way to tackle this issue .
Having said that , with what we are doing in the field of development aid and technical assistance for training , with what we are doing to encourage trade and with what the European Investment Bank is now doing - and God knows it is putting enough effort into it !
- in this region , the volume and the number of instruments available to the entrepreneurial initiative are , I believe , experiencing rapid growth .
Point 1 : this linking directive enters into effect as soon as 2005 .
This tells us a great deal .
We welcome those rules that are intended to strengthen transparency and <unk> .
Indeed , one of the main objectives of this Strategy is to increase our knowledge and thus obtain a better basis for tackling the problems .
<unk> and schools are burnt .
Here it must be said that the Commission is a major donor to Belarus and in the past few months we have also streamlined our assistance to the country .
This has been emphasised by the rapporteurs .
The UN General Assembly has voted for the International Court of Justice in The Hague to deliver an opinion on its legitimacy .
We shall continue with the votes , but first of all I must inform you that the Member of the Peruvian Congress , Mr <unk> <unk> , Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee and of the European <unk> <unk> Group , is present in the official gallery .
In the shape it currently takes , it is totally unacceptable to my group .
Indeed , administrative sanctions , which affect the effective costs of businesses , are often sanctions which have an even stronger preventive effect than criminal sanctions : the person in charge of a business or a company is unlikely to consider the risk of being arrested or of facing criminal sanctions when a tragedy occurs , while on the other hand , it is preferable if he or she is obliged , on a daily basis , to consider the higher expense that polluting processes entail .
Turkey ’ s relations with Armenia must improve , starting with the establishment of diplomatic relations and the opening up of the land border , which is currently closed .
I should like to ask him if he is aware that , notwithstanding the implementation of many of the Community programmes , in a recent <unk> television programme <unk> there was clear evidence that there is a systematic breeding programme in Romania in particular , where children are being <unk> for export and sale .
Modern agriculture will have to face up to the major challenge of providing for a world population which , according to forecasts , will double over the next 30 years , and this at a time when we are experiencing a global reduction in the amount of land available for cultivation .
Hence our vote against .
Madam Commissioner , you said our credibility is at stake .
If the opportunity is created to apply for service provision cards for one or more , or all , Member States , the procedure would be more flexible still .
Otherwise , there is a strong possibility of things ending in disaster .
There is a problem of transparency as well .
The country should , moreover , make greater efforts to combat corruption .
Of course I recognize that the living conditions of many animals in <unk> are very poor .
I must also stress that these local labour markets are incredibly important for quality of life and social welfare in various ways .
I do still have concerns about one point , Mrs Napoletano , and I would ask you to think again whether it is really wise to say that Turkey and the western Balkan countries should be included in this initiative .
Obviously we all consider market power and processes of concentration to be damaging .
Mr President , Mr Duisenberg , it is probably not necessary to say it , but please allow me to emphasise , as a humble MEP from a small country - the Basque Country - that you have a lot of power but it is a democratic power .
Should these intermediaries be excluded from the benefits of the internal market , I very much share Mr Berenguer Fuster &apos;s concern about that amendment .
One of the senior <unk> in the United Kingdom , Lord <unk> , branded the proposed military <unk> at Guantanamo Bay as a <unk> on US justice and the term <unk> court &apos; springs to mind .
In addition to the indignation of my group and myself , as soon as I realised what was happening , I <unk> the security services but they failed to respond .
The largest airports are located in <unk> populated areas and their environments are becoming less and less <unk> .
That is the major challenge facing the European Council , which will be meeting soon with the aim of reviewing the programme .
The recent EU decision to invite dissidents to national day festivities , as the Commission did on 9 May 2003 , recognises the role of the internal opposition .
Yes , we are in favour of cohesion policy , provided it does not rule out support to the regions of the old <unk> Union that remain disadvantaged .
Mr President , several years ago , in 1989 , the Commission issued a recommendation which it addressed to the Member States concerning the introduction of the European <unk> senior citizens &apos; card .
Liberia is not a poor country , but a country that has been poorly managed .
Firstly , do not touch the UN conventions , but push instead for their being implemented in full by all the Member States .
The environment has to feature in all issues , not least of all transport and agriculture .
We wholeheartedly support items <unk> of the report , which are all designed to underline the high costs of the European Parliament &apos;s travelling circus as it moves between Brussels , Luxembourg and Strasbourg .
This time , though , there was a real decision on sustainability and on the fisheries sector , which has undergone such a severe <unk> .
.
The World Summit 2005 , which has just ended , has been a failure , despite many of us <unk> to concentrate on the minimal progress made , even if it means <unk> the scope and importance of that progress .
If Parliament or Council objects to an implementing measure that the Commission has put forward , the Commission can either withdraw it - I think it has that right implicitly under the Treaty anyway but let us make that explicit - or it can amend it to take account of our objections , or it can put forward a legislative proposal .
Although the report still mentions it as a positive development , I must inform the Commissioner that the Romanian <unk> rejected the <unk> Act yesterday .
Moving on to the substance , I want to say right away that the idea that the two maps used by DG IV and DG <unk> should coincide might actually make sense if , in applying all its financial and constitutional instruments , the European Union would deal with the <unk> problems by implementing Community competition and cohesion policies in the same way .
The Commission &apos;s communication instead is almost entirely written from a European point of view , i. e. from the opportunities which we might have on the Asian market .
Monitoring for compliance with international legislation will also be of primary importance .
If we are honest with each other we know that there is no point in making <unk> as such a criterion for support , for as it says in the Treaty , structural aid is granted to compensate for the disadvantages of certain regions and social groups , and in their interests we should adhere to that principle .
In 2002 , the common organisation of the markets in all other arable products will be up for evaluation , and we believe that this should also apply to sugar .
Do not let us forget that we are mainly dealing with typical SMEs here .
This is a great dream that may become a reality : a country where , until a few years ago , the red flag of the Soviet Union <unk> , will soon see the blue flag flying with the 12 stars of Europe .
More particularly , the European Union stresses the importance of creating a group of government experts immediately following the 2006 conference that will examine the programme of action ; the group will consider further measures to strengthen international cooperation to prevent , combat and eradicate illicit <unk> in small arms and light weapons .
Clearly the worst is the situation of those who live in remote <unk> , segregated settlements , often without access to school , electricity or running water , and in the regions with very high unemployment .
How do you plan to go about influencing those particular Member States and convincing them to agree to increase the Commission ’ s resources ?
Madam President , this is a very important Commission proposal .
The percentages must not constantly increase in the body throughout life .
In this way , the swift implementation of the innovative Stability Pact is being hampered .
The European economy is making better progress today towards fiscal consolidation than it was a year ago , as one of the necessary conditions for more solid growth and growth that is capable of generating employment .
.
Thank you , Mrs Flemming .
That will be one of the central themes of the Sixth Framework Programme and I know that the Belgian Presidency intends to organise a conference on the subject .
Turkey &apos; s role in Cyprus is also unacceptable .
<unk> assured that the French Presidency will scrupulously adhere to such provisions .
It would therefore make little sense , to say the least , if a restriction were imposed on this proposal .
However , for my part , I have listened carefully to all the speakers , right to the end , and I must say that throughout this debate the dialogue and the speeches in this House have been of a consistently high quality .
What legislation has actually brought about remains controversial for years after it has been passed .
Thirdly , it should be standard practice for the Council of Ministers to decide by majority vote on Community legislation ; unanimity should only apply in exceptional cases , and even where unanimous decisions are still prescribed by the Treaty they should be phased out within a fixed period of time .
That is the social situation in a <unk> .
As for contributing to discussions , the Commission played an active part in the debates and , in particular , in the recent initiatives of the G7 .
I am not , therefore , alone in hoping that , tomorrow , the 15 governments will at last decide to take social security and pensions in hand at European level , for this is the only way to prevent the current breakdown of the systems .
Nevertheless he has allowed <unk> ground attack aircraft to be exported to the Indonesian military in breach of his own ethical foreign policy and arms export guidelines .
But I am sure that the Committee on Budgetary Control will examine the method carefully .
Moreover , it is the sign , as one Member said in the previous debate , that , if Europe has a sound unifying project , founded on a vision that <unk> the world around Europe , and that if Europe speaks with a single voice , it can triumph .
A redistribution which is as difficult for those with power to accept as the struggle to redistribute economic resources from the <unk> to the <unk> . &apos;
That must clearly be our priority and we will have an opportunity to define it in the mid-term review of the Lisbon agenda that is being prepared by former Prime Minister Wim Kok .
<unk> coal in China adds to the world &apos;s carbon dioxide emissions , and China produces more emissions than any other country in the world apart from the USA .
<unk> <unk> VOTE The thank you is to the President , Mr <unk> and his team , and our Quaestors for the way they have taken up the points we have been raising since the last meeting .
Madam President , I wish to associate myself with the comments just made by Mr Vatanen .
I do not hold to the <unk> of the view that Russia is doing all that it should , or that it is deeply concerned .
Madam President , we must be fully aware of the extent of the problems raised by GMOs , and above all we must not reduce them to the single issue of how the costly research carried out by certain multinational seed companies may be made to yield a quick profit .
It is a sign that we Europeans wish to shoulder responsibility for the post-war situation in Iraq and look forwards .
These accession treaties are , of course , binding in international law , and they also stipulate sums of money that would <unk> , had we dealt with them together and subject to the conditions of the Financial Perspective , have been decided on in the codecision procedure , so that we could have gained some influence over the negotiations .
We are also preparing a series of new initiatives on energy efficiency and clean technologies .
In this respect too , we must ensure prevention , and the only way of ensuring prevention is via dialogue .
This is all about defending the dignity of our young people .
The audit that has been planned for OLAF is crucial , as is moving from the current ‘ Supervisory Committee ’ , which is simply a <unk> , to a monitoring , evaluation and decision-making body with ultimate authority .
The presidency gave top priority to the problems of climate change , and the European Union has agreed a joint negotiating position for the global climate treaty to be concluded in Kyoto in December .
Other industries have far worse instances of difficulty which do not get the same attention as anything to do with the word <unk> &apos; .
Instead , each government , which is answerable to its people , must be given greater freedom to evaluate the policy that is in the best interests of society .
I have heard that there are even central banks which have stopped making <unk> exchange transactions .
<unk> of <unk> 1998 It cannot accept 24 amendments : 14 , 23 , 27 , 42 , 43 , 44 , 47 , 50 , 51 , 53 , 57 , 59 , 63 , 65 , 70 , 72 , 75 , 76 , <unk> , 85 , 89 , 91 , 92 and 95 .
The European Union already has a balance of trade surplus of EUR 30 billion a year , in other words instead of financing it is being financed .
A precedent is being set .
Firstly , the committee charged with drafting the Act of Accession and related instruments will begin work .
They have committed the same crime .
I therefore urge the House to vote for our amendments tomorrow .
In our opinion , you are turning back the clock and refusing to create jobs that require <unk> and to commit to quality , research , education and high-quality public services .
It is a disaster in terms of the rules , leading to complexity rather than the aim of simplicity , with over 130 derogations , 66 possible options , without counting the different rules for the <unk> of operations .
Firstly , the present proposal is being debated and voted on in this House before we know the overall Agreement with Switzerland so we are being asked to approve one part without knowing the whole thing .
For an institution with the strength and competences of the European Central Bank to be controlled by a Parliament which is seeking a role and a concrete manifestation of its identity as a democratic body , brings to mind the idea of a strong and independent infant who is to be kept in order by a very weak <unk> taking its first <unk> steps as a democratic structure .
Again , thanks for the opportunity and thanks again to Mr Evans and all those who have been involved in the preparation of this report .
We have to make it perfectly clear to Israel that , while we endorse its firm commitment to self-determination and to countering terrorism , it too has a contribution to make towards achieving peace .
This is why I abstained on this text .
Mr President , I find the debate unrealistic and rather hypocritical .
There are men and women who depend on fishing , gathering <unk> and the service or tourist industries in these coastal areas .
The dividing line is between democrats and <unk> and we must remember that <unk> clash , in politics too .
Mr President , it is now exactly 20 years since I was lucky enough to get speaking time on my first day in Parliament .
In order to ensure that the mechanism of the positive list works and is effective , the definition of the offences on this list must respect the definition of these offences in force in the legislation of the Member States issuing a search and arrest warrant .
If we proceed <unk> but <unk> , ready to defend our interests but also recognizing that the right kind of MAI on the right conditions is in the interests of the European Union , then we shall be doing something that reflects the will of the peoples of Europe .
What makes Austrian <unk> world famous ?
In fact , the word ‘ <unk> ’ has been mentioned in certain areas .
– Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I am grateful for the good cooperation over the recent weeks ; I would particularly like to thank the secretariat of our Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs for their support , without which my report could not have been processed on time .
1 .
I would have preferred this part – as a comment – not to have been voted on by qualified majority , but by simple majority .
We do not need that kind of <unk> <unk> .
I hope that Turkey &apos;s ambitions in this respect will make it heed our concern about its military intervention and bring it to an end as soon as possible .
This was mentioned a short while ago : ECU 35 million for the two-year period is <unk> on the ridiculous , particularly since it concerns a series of programmes that , according to all Members - and many other people - , needs to provide young people with importance , belief in themselves and belief in cultural programmes .
The current Commission replaced the Santer Commission , which had got bogged down .
As I see it , however , arbitration generally follows more complex procedural rules than those applied by the courts .
It can best be taken account of in the implementing regulation .
Integration means inclusion , unification , political , as well as economic , completion .
However , I should emphasize here and now that even if we do have international rules , given the technical character of the Internet it will not be easy to prosecute and punish <unk> of such rules .
I welcome this report which rightly <unk> the <unk> during 2004 .
We supported Amendment No 13 , which makes what we regard as a very welcome change to Article 220 ( 2 ) .
The aims of Project 2010 include innovation and investment in research .
Mr President , at the Dublin summit , the stage was set for a number of majority votes in which the national parliaments can be voted down .
Mr President , I am not one of those who like Mrs Green <unk> nothing better than taking <unk> at Turkey .
It is possible to store heat in all size categories for a day or a year , as opposed to what is stated in the Commission proposal and in certain committee opinions .
Mr President , the Commission recently presented a communication to the Council , to the European Parliament and to the Economic and Social Committee , on the theme &quot; <unk> of crime in the European Union - a reflection on standards and measures to be adopted &quot; .
Parliament will be doing the safety of children and everyone else a <unk> , however , if it <unk> the basis of the precautionary principle , the possibility of a real risk .
We need also , as the <unk> report says , to have access to the grid and perhaps even to make sure that the grid is near to where we want the renewable energies to be .
Mrs Lalumière , if that happens to me again , I would willingly engage you as my lawyer , because we must remember one thing , which was not mentioned here in the discussion , and my colleague Mr González Carnero has underlined it , that we must let caution rule in our relationship with Russia .
We are back on the same old <unk> , it is just not on .
All these issues are currently being discussed in the debate on the future of Europe within the European Convention .
This Parliament has considerable political influence on the Commission as long as it remains a political body , but this will no longer be the case when the Commission &apos; s right of initiative is weakened .
Often , the major distribution <unk> put pressure on producers , who then use unemployed and illegal workers and it is unthinkable that we should accept contracts that place workers beyond the law .
Today , it seems that those who only want Europe to be a large <unk> have a definite advantage compared with those who want a political Europe .
In the report on aid to the western Balkans that I have drawn up , working in close collaboration with Mr Lagendijk , on the two topics that we are dealing with today - a fine example of cooperation between two committees - we have recognised a number of limitations .
It is one of the most exclusive clubs in the world .
The European Central Bank is in danger of being cut increasingly <unk> from the Member States .
The age ban has not been defined by using the term <unk> , and different legislation applies in different Member States .
In our understanding of these things , the European countries represent another tradition , and we advocate a <unk> security policy with a preference for civilian means , with military means always the option of last resort , and then only on the basis of decisions by the European Union .
As regards the first group of amendments , the Commission understands the concerns which led Mrs Roth-Behrendt to propose substantial changes to the basic directive , wider than the current proposal and the European Parliament &apos;s initial recommendation .
Member States do not comply with requirements concerning registration of landings .
With inadequate or non-existent <unk> systems in some areas , especially in eastern Slovakia , it is fair to say that people there are drinking <unk> water .
As you know , the Commission must also be ready to ensure application of the Community acquis right from day one of accession .
New demands are being made of the EU policy on minorities , which is <unk> addressed by the report .
With these two objectives in mind , we were able to find acceptable compromises on many of the points which the European Parliament was concerned about and which Karl von Wogau has just reminded us of , because the institutions finally agreed to consider the other side &apos;s point of view and to take the necessary steps to enable the agreement to be <unk> .
Mr President , let me begin by stressing how important it is that jobs and employment policy are now to receive the treatment they deserve at EU level .
Currently only about 1 % of our farm <unk> is recognised as organic .
Interinstitutional co-operation is not an end in itself , as the Andreasen report quite rightly stresses , but must essentially enable us to develop a better understanding of the citizen and of the existence and role of the European Union as it stands .
This would therefore be a real absurdity in terms of politics , science and health .
Mr President , this is indeed an important issue .
Five years have passed , we are discussing another flood and there is still no <unk> map .
Mr President , I asked to take the floor to raise a point of order , in accordance with Rule 6 ( 2 ) , to which you have referred .
Nevertheless , a high-level mechanism dealing horizontally with equality is fundamental , as it ensures high-level leadership .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , I am confident that this will be tackled in a <unk> positive manner under your <unk> .
Let us be entirely honest ; we do not even have a common foreign and security policy worth its name .
The Council ’ s decision to cut the Dutch contributions to the EU by one billion does not fall within Parliament ’ s remit , and will therefore not form part of the negotiations .
I want to thank you for the close working relationship that existed between all of us - not just between our two great institutions , but also on a personal level between myself and all four of you .
First of all because by enabling each year about a hundred million persons to participate actively in European cooperation it contributes to bringing the Union closer to its citizens .
On the contrary , it is another incentive to wait no longer , to move from now on into concrete action .
To describe them as an industry would be an exaggeration , in that they have between 30 and 50 workers each .
Today , I have no regrets !
If sheep are used to produce milk , as well as meat , then only 80 % of the premium is paid .
For the reasons already stated , and in particular because of Ireland &apos;s dependency on its <unk> sector , I appeal to colleagues to support the existing derogation for Ireland and the United Kingdom to allow the description <unk> chocolate &apos; within the marketing territory of both countries .
For the world to be a stable place , it needs a transatlantic partnership that works .
We are therefore proposing that the campaign should be extended to 2002 .
The Member States will have to show themselves worthy of each others &apos; confidence and the confidence of the Commission , the guarantor of the Treaties , by the care they take in exercising the controls for which they are responsible .
We also refer to the so-called services of general interest , with the support of Article 7 ( D ) of the Treaty currently undergoing ratification .
Mr President , we have been discussing this subject here in Parliament for <unk> two and a half years .
If we are now nonetheless to be heading towards a compromise , I think that what you have accomplished so far is commendable .
As an idea , this is still open to discussion , and the Commission has not delivered an opinion on it .
The initial composition of the euro area from 1 January 1999 onwards was decided , as you know , in early May .
This is why the Community and the Member States remain fundamentally attached to their freedom of action to develop and adapt their cultural policy .
Mr President , most people say they believe in open and transparent government .
We accept that in some instances this service cannot provide the vaccination routine which is well established in many African countries and for all the diseases I referred to .
There are some points that I feel need to be clarified .
I come from a country which , in the 1970s , made a choice : the choice not to build a single nuclear power station on the river <unk> .
d &apos;Ancona report The report also calls for a degree of harmonisation and <unk> which we have voted against .
Mr President , I thank Mr Ken Collins for his question .
Besides which , Mrs Lulling , there is also an agreement with the members of the Commission that they should attend here at strictly specified times .
Humanitarian aid is given without political <unk> attached and aid for reconstruction does have political <unk> .
The EU has a responsibility to see that its citizens are well informed .
For this reason , in our opinion , we urged that Community assistance be granted to regional airports .
Europe is missing out on important opportunities .
Some things are easier or more urgent .
On three occasions in the space of a month , each time in a very different context , we have had the opportunity to <unk> ourselves with the top priorities of the UK Presidency .
Firstly , there is legitimate doubt about the validity of the manoeuvre to alter the 1985 directive instead of confining ourselves to the proposal for a directive submitted to us by the Commission .
Many neighbouring countries and other regional players are making concerted efforts to engage constructively .
That is why we put forward our package of proposals to fight discrimination only two months after taking office last year .
Mr President , I feel that the question posed by my fellow Member <unk> Frassoni is extremely pertinent .
In France , for example , the number of crimes and offences rose from 200 000 in <unk> to 4 200 000 in 1998 .
Let us do away with <unk> .
Mr President , as has already been said , the WTO panel &apos;s ruling is still provisional , and my group too feels that the European Union would be perfectly entitled to appeal against it .
The legal basis on health is not in line with the social project at stake in combating violence .
<unk> separate us from our goal , and yet I must tell you that I now have very little hope that we will progress this last few <unk> .
I will mention two of them .
Let us remember that Culture 2000 establishes a unique financing and programming instrument for cultural cooperation .
It should firstly be noted that the <unk> System of <unk> has been a <unk> between two world views : on the one hand , that of a Europe – and more specifically of France – which is committed to its developing country partners and conscious of its responsibilities and historical ties , and , on the other hand , that of a Europe which believes that exposure to global free trade should be the only real means of economic and social development .
We want to encourage innovation .
Reducing the mortality rate among pregnant women and encouraging equal access to care and benefits when it comes to health in <unk> and to reproductive rights are objectives that I vigorously support and that stem from the 1994 International Conference on <unk> and Development ( <unk> ) .
An unprecedented dispute then arose because <unk> were ignored .
We are concerned here with the ability to drive the Lisbon process forward .
Madam President , I would like to begin by congratulating you on your appointment .
The amendment makes this freedom of choice conditional on permission given by national authorities .
Anyway , we are all familiar with the internal situation .
What is important is that we send a signal to those who hold responsibility in both countries .
I would therefore ask that next time you make it possible for us to support your views by proposing an amendment .
A few final words on stem cell research .
Nor are we talking in terms of bans on advertising , but only of new marketing rules .
We need the Member States and the citizens in the Member States to be properly informed .
Neither should we blame some , and not others , but this is the time to make that choice , and that is also the reason why we , with regard to Mr Ferber ’ s part report , the Mulder report with regard to the purchase of real <unk> , take the view that even if the cost can be recovered in ten years ’ time , this is not the right time , because we first want to force the Council into taking a decision .
In Kosovo , hundreds of thousands of <unk> are being held hostage , abused and <unk> by Serb soldiers .
We are drafting a law here , and when we draft laws the entire House needs to give its opinion .
That is why the Union as a whole must support the US explicitly , exert credible pressure on Iraq and provide a clear strategy and <unk> planning in case of military intervention .
That is totally unacceptable .
But it is telling us it is going to propose - I do not know to whom , to itself , I suppose - to withdraw the proposal to amend the 1976 directive , which we consider dangerous for positive action , and I want to know whether the Commission is effectively going to withdraw this proposal .
I have to be frank and say that it is a compromise that certainly does not rise to great <unk> of ambition .
This may also serve as a positive message to other nations and governments of the West Balkans who are headed towards Europe .
It makes it impossible to reduce the proportion of the population living in utter poverty .
If and when it is , the Commission will examine it very carefully and <unk> and will conduct a wide-ranging investigation to assess its possible impact on the steel industry in Europe .
While we obviously must be sensitive towards the populations of these countries , it must be stressed that the market available both outside and within Europe is still very extensive , regardless of the established quotas .
Some subjects need time for thought .
I could also mention that test results on fifty <unk> are now available .
In spite of its limits , it is a point of support in the defence and promotion of public services .
Although it is true that this decision could help integration , we must also be aware of the danger of provoking clearer demonstrations of racism and xenophobia against these foreigners .
In the first place , building a database of people excluded from giving blood is contrary to the principal of confidentiality which must go hand in hand with the detection and treatment of certain illnesses , particularly AIDS .
<unk> , their professional organisations and coastal communities must be given a right to experiment . )
Mr President , first of all I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Redondo Jiménez , and the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , which drafted the report on the proposed adaptation of the quota restriction scheme for potato starch .
Then we need to reach a political agreement on the financial perspective and to cut back some projects for legislation that are not meeting any real need .
That is why we have asked for an economic and social as well as environmental impact assessment for every legislative proposal .
What was that we were saying about a single European voice ?
That is exactly what I shall do , for there is only actually one question that can be on our minds today , and that is how we can implement this proposal as quickly as possible .
<unk> me , it is not easy .
This is important , for the European Union needs the United Kingdom as much as the United Kingdom needs the Union .
<unk> things at a national level where possible and do at European level what has to be done in a European context .
This political error is <unk> in a rationale that goes back to the choices made by an entire generation of European leaders following the fall of the Berlin Wall .
We should not forget that love of world heritage , nature and the <unk> stems from knowledge of the values of the world that <unk> us , or in other words from our own ‘ small <unk> ’ .
I would like to commend Mr Moniz on his excellent report .
For that reason , our group will abstain from voting .
I say this because 15 September - Wednesday of this week when there will be a lot happening - is the deadline which has been given by the <unk> <unk> Commission of the Ottawa Convention for the British Government to come up with proposals as to how best it is going to substantially reduce the discharge of radioactive substances into the marine environment .
We clearly want them to defend and respect the interests of non-EU countries .
I would simply say to him , without softening the attitude of the Commission at all , that in our efforts to try and secure protection for human rights and progress towards greater democracy , the setting of litmus tests is not always well advised .
We certainly have not .
This Presidency has been a great privilege for us , Mr President .
The presidency gives the impression of seeking to avoid the key issues of the debate on Europe .
Take the example of the proposal to establish a committee on <unk> medicinal products .
Moreover , I feel that it is important to stress that , from the political point of view , we should provide for all the candidate countries of Central and Eastern Europe to become Members of the European Union en bloc and for those countries which are economically behind to receive help once they have entered the Union .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the matter addressed by Mr Barón Crespo ’ s question flows from the case of the footwear sector , because the entire production system of Member States has been thrown into a crisis , and not merely from today , by unfair competition – or , to put it more plainly , by the <unk> and unbridled financial greed of the so-called free market : a market that would be better defined as being without rules , which <unk> on individuals like a <unk> , exploiting workers without paying heed to their age and without any social security <unk> comparable to that which is in force in countries of the European Union .
Mr <unk> spoke of a new policy for Timor .
A decision was also reached on promoting innovative approaches and financial support for actions undertaken by NGOs , which has increased from 80 % to 90 % in exceptional circumstances .
All the necessary conditions for its authorisation are therefore fulfilled .
On behalf of the European People &apos; s Party , I would like to once again congratulate the two rapporteurs for the great work they have done .
One of my concerns is not actually about this year or next year but about the new programme which starts in the year 2000 .
The debate is closed .
Perhaps it would facilitate this debate and make the issue clearer .
Our efforts to provide these countries with economic and political support are much needed .
I have had seven years to observe <unk> ’ s <unk> for wasting taxpayers ’ money on social services .
Up to a certain point , we were able to support the wording of the resolution as it stands ; it also includes many points that we can live with and accept .
I believe the same can be said of many others .
The European Union has a long tradition of promoting development in the African continent , but the results have generally fallen short of the mark .
If they manage to reach Belarus , statements on this subject by leaders of the European Parliament and other institutions in the democratic world are distorted , they are presented to the citizens of Belarus as the will of global capitalism , as attempts to dictate to <unk> how they should live .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
We believe it is now time to move on from the present phase of association and stabilisation agreements to a more integrated strategy , with a view to strengthening our relationship with the countries of the region .
The Commission shall forward the opinion of the Committee for <unk> <unk> for Human Use to the European Parliament and to the Council .
Nor shall I anticipate Parliament &apos;s position in the run-up to the informal meeting of heads of state and government .
Nor is this search for independence incompatible with <unk> transatlantic cooperation .
We have already seen the negative effects in publicity terms of the sanctions and how they are being used by Saddam Hussein to beat Western Europe , as well as the Americans and the UN , and to <unk> his people back .
I am able to concur with everything that is being said in this House about sport - but not that the EU should be given the right to legislate in respect of this area too .
This is a political question which , in the short term , requires an answer from the IGC and this Parliament .
It would certainly have been preferable for all the left-wing groups to try and speak with one voice , while respecting their <unk> , and I am convinced that a united European left , whose voice is needed in Europe , could have been formed on these issues .
That recommendation identified 15 areas where it was felt that Member States needed to take action to encourage the development of access to training .
But there are also things that are expressly welcomed , for example the final sentence of point 8 : &apos; Furthermore &#91; Parliament &#93; believes that the landfill of waste Directive does not constitute an appropriate framework for regulating mining waste and therefore urges the Commission to put forward a proposal for a specific Directive on mining waste . &apos;
<unk> of funding is now a reality , fortunately , but we have still not settled the question of the participation of representatives of the applicant countries in the advisory committees deciding on projects .
For failure would be at least as much a failure of the Union as of the candidate states .
Therefore , one of the proposals coming forward from the Tampere Summit was the establishment of Eurojust .
Mr President , the whole debate on energy now centres on two issues .
Contrary to the image that is being portrayed , the European Parliament works very hard .
This report confirms that whereas an average level of development is given a rating of 100 , the ten so-called &quot; strongest &quot; regions reached an average of <unk> , and the ten so-called &quot; weakest &quot; regions reached a figure of around 50 .
As democrats we have a responsibility to explain fully the reasons why it may be necessary to take action in order to uphold the will of the international community , which is that Saddam Hussein should <unk> disarm .
We cannot therefore support it .
Mr Bonde , we are not proposing to get you out of the mess in which you have buried yourself .
I invite you to treat it as you wish , but return it as a package and accompany it with common positions that we will be able to <unk> out together at second reading .
And he is right .
Given the lack of time I shall limit myself to two remarks .
He has no contact with the outside world , except for his <unk> , and that is a thing we deplore in any state where such a thing can happen .
The improved political climate should , I hope , allow for more progress on these matters .
It can never be taken <unk> , nor without conclusive and decisive justification .
The report commissioned for the June conference warned that the international financial system has become a money <unk> &apos;s dream , processing a large part of the estimated $ 200 billion worth of drugs money every year .
Indeed , as is well known and as the Iranian authorities are well aware and as Mr Alexander also pointed out , this issue falls within the competence of the United Nations Security Council .
This is not about interfering with this or that fundamental principle of Community policy or of the Community method .
Mr President , may I first of all congratulate the former minister of transport , Mr <unk> , on his excellent report .
Therefore , Mr President , we are opposed to this absolutely <unk> proposal and we believe that Parliament should continue its work in accordance with the established procedures .
How are we to put a stop to the continuing proliferation of weapons of mass destruction if our own draft constitution obliges us to build up our own military capacities or potential , the like of which is to be found in no constitution in the world and never has been ?
At present , the coal and steel sector employs <unk> 000 workers and , as we enlarge the EU by means of the candidate countries , enlargement will mean that coal production in the EU will be doubled and that steel production will be increased by a third .
Our outermost regions – the Azores and Madeira – deserve special focus due to their specific situation , not least in the field of agriculture .
What we are discussing so <unk> is not going to be changed here .
<unk> now accompany the <unk> that is spread on the fields .
Mr President , as Members will be aware , the trans-European electricity and gas networks are an important part of our energy strategy and there is provision in the Community &apos;s budget to carry out studies as to how these can be best improved .
But we also have considerable deficits .
It is important for Europe to be a model in the global work to promote road safety , and that is something we can be .
<unk> at European level is appropriate when the services concerned can be taken on equally well by private operators .
Although 45 % of the residents of Latvia are Russian speaking , the <unk> universities were closed in 1998 and although the full ban on Russian primary and secondary schools was ultimately <unk> in the face of protests , it was limited nonetheless to just 40 % of lessons .
I must thank the foreign ministers of Greece , Turkey and Cyprus , the presidency and the special representatives of the United Nations , the United Kingdom and the USA for their close cooperation and constructive dialogue in this matter .
That does not necessarily mean that the world is a jungle : it simply means that peace is based solely on the balance between nations and groups of nations and that all international law can do is marginalise the natural games of states that , however devoted they claim to be to the cause of peace , are still <unk> monsters and will never stop calculating their power .
We live in a world which changes at high-speed .
If you continue in this <unk> then very soon you will need an office to <unk> the <unk> , and that is not a Balkans policy .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 98 ) by Mr <unk> <unk> de <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens &apos; Rights , on the Commission Green Paper on promoting innovation through patents ( COM ( 97 ) <unk> - <unk> / 97 ) .
The development of supplementary pension schemes , based on the formation of coverage capital , must be subject to strict safeguards to protect employees from fraud and loss of pension rights .
<unk> that Europe is a task that the Austrian Presidency of the Council , too , has set itself .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the province of <unk> Austria , from which I come , must surely be the world ’ s market leader in energy efficiency , and we have always concentrated on making that energy efficiency as economic as possible , in other words making it meet the Lisbon criteria .
Once again , Mrs <unk> , I can only take note of the situation , deplore it like you and propose that we finally press on with the vote .
To this end , it is essential to improve the statistical system for accidents at work , since the absence of reliable and compatible statistics makes it difficult to devise Community policies and promote them in an effective way .
If a person who has sexually abused children moves to another Member State , where the authorities are not made aware of that person ’ s past , people have every reason to ask why we continue to allow such things .
During talks with them , it is impossible to ignore the feeling that they too are very much struggling with this issue .
It was a pleasure and a privilege having you as our President for the last two and half years and for me personally , as someone who supported you unequivocally on the important day at the beginning of your term of Presidency , I am very happy to say that you have succeeded beyond all my hopes and expectations .
I hope that we can all use the run-up to 2004 to engage with people throughout the continent and explain to them , inform them about and convince them of the importance of unifying Europe , not for our sake but for theirs .
Transparency and accountability are the cornerstone of stability , understanding and the fight against frustration , extremism and <unk> .
It requires everyone ’ s involvement : firstly , that of governments and parliamentarians but also , I repeat , that of the representatives of civil society .
Firstly , this is a positive evaluation which is consistent with the Commission &apos; s proposal .
I am thinking of people who have perhaps already consumed too much alcohol and should not therefore drink any more , but this is also about people with diabetes , for example , who need to know how much residual sugar a <unk> contains .
I have thus carefully listened to all the speeches from the left , the right and the centre in this debate , and you can be certain that a number of elements will definitely inspire us .
This question is not the only one on the subject ; there are also Questions Nos 55 and 56 .
Mr Barón Crespo mentioned the Charter .
I should like to congratulate the interpreters on the way in which they followed that passage that I have just read out .
There is increasing support , in Europe and elsewhere , for the view that sustained growth is possible only with healthy public finances , allowing interest rates to be reduced permanently .
I too would like to <unk> thank my rapporteur , <unk> <unk> , whose work has led to this draft recommendation .
The European Union must target this objective .
That would be an important step towards equal treatment of men and women within the European Union .
But the Commission and the Council also hope for positive signals from Ankara .
This is all about democratic control , because Parliament has a number of comments to make on the substance of the agreement too .
This could have been an important directive for creating better preconditions for growth and for promoting restructuring within Europe ’ s corporate structure .
As a result , they have a low level of social protection or none whatsoever , for paid employment serves as the basis for this according to systems currently in force .
There is a simple reason for that , which is that in some cases we had already carried out feasibility studies and made preparations for these <unk> projects .
On the contrary , this form of evaluation should allow each establishment , however different in terms of its students or the methods or resources used , to meet all the risks of <unk> out , to improve the intrinsic quality of education for everyone and to accept all pupils of all abilities by offering education which is tailored to the students &apos; requirements and by allowing everyone to discover their own personal development needs .
Arms exports deserve a mention as they are without a doubt implicated in the various conflicts .
<unk> increasing energy efficiency levels is the most important viable long-term policy in order to achieve a sustainable , competitive and secure energy policy for Europe .
The presidency is maintaining close contact with the leaders of the principal Arab States to ensure that momentum in the peace process is not lost .
We must remember that , although the basis for this is the decentralisation , the subsidiarity debate , the objective is to take into account , in an organised and transparent way , the opinions of the end users and <unk> of the common policies while respecting the institutional structures of each Member State .
I congratulate the rapporteur once again .
I hope we will hear from her too .
I welcome the initiative to improve training for EU officials working on foreign issues , but I cannot support the creation of a single diplomatic <unk> .
The Space Agency is an asset which we must not waste , and it is no coincidence that it is cited , not least in the recent action plan to increase research , as one of the major technological platforms to be considered if we are to respond to the need to make the European economy competitive .
But my question to the Council is this : does the Council intend to put pressure on Member States whose standards of performance relating to the Structural Funds are lower than the European average , to force them to manage their funds more effectively and to prevent the &quot; <unk> &quot; effect taking place ?
We are pleased , in the main , that the Commission has proposed reducing the amount spent on propaganda in the wake of the <unk> programme .
As the Commissioner knows , the Parliament is no advocate of granting budget support just like that , because money intended for education , for example , is then often used for completely different purposes , as we saw from the recent example of money being spent on defence in <unk> .
As I said in my introduction , it is a fairly extensive process in many countries - including my own .
Finally , <unk> to the <unk> are being erected with public aid and support at a time when the <unk> of the <unk> war are banned from wearing the <unk> which they won in the war and some of them are being <unk> precisely because they took part in the <unk> war .
As for having blind faith in you , the decisions which have been taken by the Court of Justice , which have overturned three of the decisions which you had taken , demonstrate only too well that this is not possible .
You are now a very experienced Commissioner and , in a manner of speaking , caught up in the European institutions .
The debate is closed .
I therefore trust , ladies and gentlemen , that you will support the arguments that I have put forward .
At the same time , I would extend my congratulations to the rapporteur , Mrs Jackson , for the work that she has done on it .
I have been particularly struck by the fact that you have been especially critical of the current situation in the economic field and this is understandable .
But if you introduce processing aid , where , in your view , fraud cannot be committed - and incidentally it can actually , but let us assume for now that it cannot - then the result might be that the raw material is grown outside the EU and imported .
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on 3 April 1998 .
This document establishes the financial and technical bases for the dismantling of obsolete nuclear installations and for the closing of others which are still operating , as well as for the final storage of the radioactive waste already generated and waste resulting from the proposed process .
One of the most important elements of our work here today , and the vote in favour of the Lynne report , has been that it sends out a clear message , not just from the 15 countries of the European Union but also from the 10 accession countries , that we want to establish common standards and rules .
<unk> question ( <unk> / 02 - <unk> / 02 ) by Enrique Barón Crespo , Michel Rocard , <unk> <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> - Media concentration Finally , a new <unk> multiannual programming cycle is currently under preparation and the suggestions in the Karamanou report will be duly taken into account in the context of this exercise .
As a great Roman poet might have said , ‘ let us build a collective <unk> more lasting than <unk> ’ .
But one of the main <unk> to further regional integration is the <unk> of democratic institutions , particularly of the Parliament in <unk> .
Lastly , Mr President , is it politically acceptable to sign an agreement strengthening judicial cooperation with a state that is keeping nationals of our countries in such conditions ?
But that good work , as we have seen from a number of reports recently , has been undermined by smuggling , estimated at up to some 20 , 000 tonnes a year , a third of world trade , undermining quite substantially the legitimate industry that is trying to provide <unk> .
So I encourage you , Madam Commissioner , <unk> and <unk> , to press ahead with this policy , which is difficult but has produced such good results so far .
The Irish presidency is also laying considerable stress on the battle against drugs .
Everyone has access to the forests and those who <unk> in them are involved in their management .
I still think it is a pity that we concluded a customs union with Turkey before a number of essential guarantees on human rights and a peaceful resolution of the Kurdish question had been secured .
The Commissioner can put pressure on the Council : he can tell it that it is not a good idea to end this experiment just when new States are being incorporated , States in which the problems we have been resolving — the lack of jobs , the black economy — are more pressing than in the old States ; that it is not a good idea to end an experiment , and thereby risk an increase in prices and a reduction in employment ; that it is not a good idea to end this experiment just when we are about to discuss the Directive on services , which has created such concern in terms of employment in the Member States , and the Commissioner can tell it that this Parliament is unanimous and that this Parliament does not like to be treated as a joke , especially when the Council is not offering any well-founded opinion in return .
We , in the Liberal Group , welcome the thrust of the report , because it <unk> with the real issues and it <unk> the sort of populist solutions which , I am afraid , are on offer in many of the amendments before this House .
In the past , of course , we had very clear and simple rules , in that the entire public accounting system was based on what , in Germany , we term <unk> accounting , in which the cash spent and the cash books - the actual <unk> and the actual receipts - are compared with what is in the budget .
Therefore , we want to give the so-called <unk> activities renewed impetus , in particular those involving young people .
Tourism contributes to regional development - in rural areas that are maybe trying to <unk> - and tourism contributes to urban areas that aim to raise the profile of their own cultural heritage .
The process of renegotiating the European Patent Convention would not require any contribution from this Parliament .
So I think it is a big mistake - fortunately identified as such in the Fourçans report - to reduce the policy mix to nothing more than tasks to be performed by government and the social partners .
The most important concerns <unk> derivatives , the use of which the Commission opposed from the start .
I am delighted that the additional priorities Parliament wanted to introduce for the guidelines have indeed been largely reflected in the document on which the Council decided in August .
The problem until now is that work has been continuing in the building .
Following negotiations with the Council and the Commission , the rapporteur tabled amendments to her recommendation for second reading , in order to ensure that the Erasmus Mundus programme would be equipped to achieve its desired ends .
It is thus the whole package of costs that must be incorporated into the analysis of the social effects of relocation : only then will we have an idea of the scope of this phenomenon .
Portugal is participating in the global tariff increase and is one of nine countries which have increased <unk> charges .
The <unk> know – and have shown that they know – how to work , how to organise themselves and how to survive in the most <unk> conditions , were they able to go back and regain control of their land , which is illegally occupied by Morocco .
This is why I am in favour of scrapping the ban on <unk> .
After a particularly in-depth debate , for which I would especially like to thank the members of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education and the Media , some of whom are present today , I can say that this committee approved virtually unanimously the amendments presented to you here , which are furthermore in line with the suggestions I made in my report .
I am writing to the Lord Mayor of <unk> to pass on this message to the injured and to their families .
European anti-discrimination legislation is a <unk> which itself discriminates between the different grounds of discrimination .
Therefore , there are good free-market prospects for renewable raw materials in Europe .
I almost have the impression that , following the judgment of the Court of Luxembourg , there is a desire to punish Members , not just the <unk> but the Members in general , as the problem does not just concern Italy .
I think that any attempt to introduce such a European certificate will only lead to more bureaucracy .
In my opinion the figures must be made compulsory so that our industries can be clear on the issue and define their strategies for development accordingly .
The debate is closed .
My own country of Austria is one of those in the <unk> here .
As an initial reaction , this attitude of the <unk> government is even understandable , but the conclusion that it drew from it , i. e. now to refuse further cooperation with this Tribunal , is entirely the wrong one .
Mr President , I have to admit that Prime Minister Blair ’ s speeches have a certain <unk> appeal .
At the same time , we support the workers &apos; fight for <unk> air transport alone , with better and cheaper flights to serve grass-roots requirements , stable employment and satisfaction of the contemporary needs of the workers .
President Prodi , that is not good enough !
International assistance has been provided through the World Bank , but the experiences of the last year in South-East Asia and South America underline the need for a new strategy to be adopted now .
The substance of amendment 5 , if not its wording , has been adopted by the Council .
I want to inform the rapporteur that the Group of the European People &apos;s Party will support his report , although some of our members have certain doubts , perhaps because they see this important question in a different light .
The answer , according to them , could be for the Commission to provide aid to persons in this category , though of course they give no details as to how such a proposal - doubtless well <unk> - could be implemented in practice to the tens of millions of small retail <unk> in the Community .
Unfortunately , the Commission ’ s proposal does not take account of the fact that in the field of insurance there is a further directive that requires insurers set sufficiently prudent premiums , taking into account all future commitments .
I believe that a balanced European policy would , of course , be a policy which was open to the countries of the Middle East , indeed to all the countries in the region , but which should obviously begin by maintaining that association agreement with Israel which is <unk> threatened every day by a variety of initiatives , in particular by those initiatives to impose a scientific boycott which are shameful and must be condemned .
Mr President , when I am in Turkey , I am always told that the European Parliament is Turkey &apos;s enemy .
The more the citizens become aware - and they are becoming aware - of their European citizenship , the more they enter into dialogue with the European institutions .
I have discussed this a lot with my colleagues and in the case of PHARE it is clear that we can move forward fairly rapidly in some sectors , perhaps more rapidly than with whole countries .
But BSE still <unk> us !
For example , we would have liked it if , when talking about the Lisbon process , you had stressed the social aspects .
We will only start to make real progress when we finally get serious about health systems .
This is borne out , for example , by the essential conflict between the Polish Government and parliament and the Polish Central Bank , which is considered too liberal and too independent .
<unk> developments in several countries are causing unrest with large movements of populations from the country to towns .
It is very important to increase control of the quality and the sectors in the budget .
<unk> of interests must be eliminated , and access to services must be guaranteed for all airspace users : including military , I should like to add .
It should be noted that many countries of the European Union have begun to take bold steps to <unk> their pensions systems .
In <unk> or in <unk> , in Lampedusa or Ceuta , women and men in this world of ours are now on the move .
However , if one reads the report , I would put it to the Commissioner that the <unk> message that comes from the report in respect of Italy - and this is the major sensitive political question for next year - is that it gives a clear economic policy message that the one-off adjustments in the budget are <unk> the need for further economic policy change .
One final remark about the new directive on the internal market for services : that really seems to me to be a case of extreme <unk> , because it undermines everything that we have laid down in Europe in the area of subsidiarity and the precedence of the rules of the country where the services are performed .
The financial perspective needs a stronger , not a weaker Union budget , one that focuses more on the investments required by the Lisbon objectives and less on <unk> .
All the amendments today are acceptable , which is good news for Parliament , so there will be no <unk> here and we can agree on a general line .
He did not succumb to the temptation to open the door to subsidies still wider ; on the contrary , he kept it where the <unk> suggested .
The Commission &apos;s proposal had a different aim , namely to prevent third parties from <unk> any <unk> order which has been entered into the system , given that such third party institutions cannot do so on the basis of the legislation of the other Member State concerned .
There are still many loopholes in the law that make false claims possible .
There are limited resources for public health and we must see to it that they are exploited effectively .
In the text adopted today the abolition of drift nets is mentioned several times .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a. m . It is also useful to take measures to implement that policy .
Moreover , it has been amply demonstrated that plant health products are crucial if we are to be able to meet food requirements , which are increasing <unk> as the world population grows .
For us – that is to say , for the new Member States – equal treatment is crucial .
It follows that there is no objective reason why the question of <unk> active euthanasia should appear in this report .
We call on the European Union and its Member States to reject Japan ’ s demand that three types of <unk> whales be transferred from Appendix I to Appendix II and hence also to unambiguously retain a higher standard of protection for the whales .
Mr President , I welcome this agreement very much in that it works for non-discrimination as far as investment is concerned , for application of the rule of law in terms of signatory Member States , and it is there to increase international investments and thereby also international trade .
This is also why ECHO is involved in different ways in raising donor awareness about this conflict and these people .
We agreed fairly early on that the problems affecting towns and cities in the new Member States are no different from those that have affected – and to a large extent continue to affect – urban centres in countries that became Member States much earlier .
The harmonisation of criminal law or the introduction of minimum legal standards should not be <unk> against the background of problems of one &apos; s own creation but from considerations of reason and necessity .
While I applaud Mr García-Margallo &apos;s <unk> efforts on aircraft fuel , I am afraid I cannot agree with his stance on VAT in e-commerce because I think that the Commission &apos;s proposal sends out the wrong signal .
In itself , the European Investment Bank is an excellent instrument for financing specific projects .
This is what we are discussing here today , Mr President .
It is just one more <unk> for constructing a sustainable fisheries policy .
Firstly , I support the position adopted by the Council and the Commission with regard to the International Criminal Court , for example , but I also see this position as an example of differences in mutual respect , which , however , do not prevent us from proceeding on the basis of a position on which we are united .
The method that is now being proposed by the statistical service to address the problem is to <unk> the difference of the bank rate of interest from the interest paid by the end user and to regard this as representing the cost of services that are not charged to end users by means of specific <unk> , just as , for example , when someone <unk> money to build a house and pays a somewhat higher rate of interest than the bank rate .
I shall reply very briefly .
At the same time , the European Union ceased being the main investor in Latin America , which demonstrates that the current efforts to reinforce association with Latin America are not sufficient , and lack the ambition and dynamism needed .
So to the second element I mentioned : modern , dynamic companies , the companies that can succeed in a <unk> economy .
As Mr <unk> has already said , this does in fact happen .
In fact , the economic forecasts the Commission will present tomorrow have been based on the assumption of a higher oil price than in the spring , although it is also the case that , with regard to the estimates of the macroeconomic model , our forecasts for the evolution of the oil price for 2005 and 2006 are slightly more optimistic .
Mr President , it is the last part of the Commissioner &apos;s answer regarding the other budget lines that I am interested in .
For instance , as the Prime <unk> said , and as we have said in our paper , we are in favour of a common approach at European level on energy .
I think we have to make abundantly clear to the future members of the European Union the importance of the principle of solidarity , which is in every respect equal to the Copenhagen criteria and all the other technocratic criteria by which - so to speak - their readiness for accession was measured .
The picture presented by Mr De <unk> in this respect fully reflects the reality of the situation as it was several years ago .
The rapporteur and the Committee on Budgets particularly point out that the Bank &apos; s projects must support important objectives , including the European Parliament &apos; s decisions concerning , for example , the fight against poverty , the defence of democracy and human rights and the protection of the environment .
In an effort to do just that , after last July &apos;s adoption by the Council of the common position which , in many respects , incorporated neither our proposals nor those of the Commission - which were very similar to those of the European Parliament - and in fact failed to take account of the reasons underlying them , we made an effort to understand the real reasons which had prompted some of the Member States - and some of our very own colleagues - to oppose the text approved at first reading by this House .
One of the conclusions drawn by the Committee of Wise Men is that the current legal framework for fighting fraud at the expense of the European Union is incoherent and incomplete .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party thinks it is vital for discussions to continue and , above all , to be conducted in greater depth .
I believe that this represents a clear message in favour of strengthening this relationship in all areas and it must have a fundamental objective , which is to guarantee that Euro-Mediterranean cooperation functions correctly , because this new assembly will allow for the monitoring of the correct application of the European Union &apos;s association agreements with each and every one of our Mediterranean partners and that monitoring has been widely requested by the European Parliament .
Should we , like the Elles report , blame only the Commission &apos;s inertia ?
It is vital that such matters be given the highest possible profile and , in my opinion , this is such an important question that it should be taken up at the highest political level with the Russian leadership .
The basic crime which Milosevic committed was to refuse to <unk> to <unk> .
Finally , the European Union can bring its added value to other areas , such as health care .
I think they can .
We decide independently and the committees to be consulted were determined by the Conference of Presidents , which called on the Committee on Citizens ’ Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs to carry out this report .
The role of our internal forecasts within the monetary policy strategy of the <unk> therefore <unk> from the role of inflation forecasts in a strategy of direct inflation targeting .
I should also like to emphasise the shared sensitivity that exists in relation to the provisions introduced for passengers with mobility problems .
In summary , we believe that the Nordic dimension has been very beneficial to the interests of the European Union and therefore today we are debating the draft budget for 2003 in a situation which those of us with long budgetary experience could describe as exceptionally calm .
<unk> must therefore be exerted upon Mexico through international organisations such as the UN and via individual nations .
The report constitutes a useful analysis of measures to encourage theatre and the performing arts throughout the EU , particularly focusing on the need for mobility .
I would like to comment on the Technical Group of Independent Members &apos; amendment , which does not include any sensible or new requirements apart from a <unk> at compromise .
Mr President , the situation is well known .
<unk> and alternative medicines , where scientifically substantiated , must be included in any Community action programme in the field of health .
Thank you for making that clear , Mr Verheugen .
We have not , thus far , seen any practical action whatsoever .
I should therefore ask you to support the amendments in which driving times are restricted , the beginning and end of journeys are defined effectively , the presence of a <unk> is made obligatory and animals in lorries are given sufficient space .
I therefore welcome the European Commission &apos;s communication and this report .
At the same time , I feel bound to say that I regret the fact that on the pretext of these <unk> but vague principles and concepts , attempts are being made to treat certain practices that fly in the face of such rights as rights in themselves – for example abortion , which is conveniently <unk> and played down under the <unk> employed <unk> of ‘ sexual and reproductive health ’ .
Mr President , Cuba is a Communist dictatorship with all the <unk> of a totalitarian regime .
Madam President , I too am pleased that the negotiations have culminated in an agreement , and I believe that it is indeed positive that another evaluation is planned in two years &apos; time to check whether we have actually promoted what we set out to promote .
Our engagement is motivated by our strong desire to encourage progress in areas where Iran ’ s policies are of serious concern .
I do have reservations , however , when it comes to exploitation , particularly at the level of the reuse of <unk> information or the promotion of cross-border services – a pan-European market for digital content , which must not take place to the detriment of universal access to public information or limit the benefits of development in the sector , either to consumers or to the main operators .
I shall now give the floor to Mr Watson , the chairman of the Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs .
Similarly , linguistic and cultural preparation of the young people and monitoring measures will be decisive factors .
That is how we have come to propose an improved definition of controls and the <unk> of production , strengthening consumer protection , banning genetically modified organisms , genetic manipulation and living virus <unk> .
Its proposed abolition in 2000 is unrealistic .
Why are certain Member States still not implementing Community legislation ?
If this were the case , if this were also your intention , then you would , for example , be able to adopt Amendment No <unk> – which we tabled with some other Members – which explicitly limits the scope to <unk> infringements for commercial gain .
They are changes that are necessary for a reform that is proactive but has a sense of moderation and balance .
What I find regrettable about the Commission proposal , in view of the imminent enlargement of the European Union , is that it does not include the <unk> acceding countries in its scope with effect from the date they join , which is indispensable , and the periods for which the regulation is to run are far too short for these countries to be able to carry out the necessary and painful restructuring of coal mining in , for example , Poland and the Czech Republic .
On the resolutions on abuses of Roma and Serbs in Kosovo I have the following remarks .
This is an important and welcome report as it allows <unk> representatives at the European Parliament to have their say on a crucial Civil Liberties issue following the political agreement reached by the Member States governments in Council .
The amendments made by the Committee in agreement with the rapporteur , which have been incorporated into the proposal , are intended to exploit the opportunity presented by this agreement with Norway to give fresh impetus to the Centre &apos; s work .
Yet we must say that , having consulted practically all the groups , they stress that we must keep these amendments and so I defend the proposal from the Committee on the Environment .
All these positive assessments are justified by the fact that a new dynamic has now been set in motion .
The European Union also regularly <unk> China that the Human Rights Commission is the appropriate body for considering human rights issues , and whether or not it agrees with this initiative , this is in any case legitimate from this point of view .
The debate is closed .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , by voting for this resolution today Parliament will show that it is appalled by <unk> .
If you want me to say that I will give all appropriations to option B , I cannot .
Mr President , I try to adopt a practical approach to this issue because I have one of the biggest art <unk> houses outside of London in my constituency .
To that end , the Commission has started consultations with experts representing the relevant <unk> and data protection control authorities of the Member States and the Schengen States .
They are valid everywhere and the arguments that it will not be possible use them in slot machines , that they will be easier to forge , are complete <unk> .
I would now like to put this question to you , Mr President-in-Office : what initiatives does the Spanish Presidency intend to take in order to implement this plan as quickly as possible ?
Madam President , the <unk> report takes us down the road not just of corruption but of institutionalised corruption .
It has already been said here , and I am not going to repeat it , that others seek to <unk> out these processes , perhaps by obstructing the actions we are proposing and prolonging the granting of compensation .
I wish he were on a <unk> pay and he might find that the fat cheque might not look nearly so attractive .
But the Commission - and some Member States as well - showed a striking lack of concern about the danger posed by the disease , and it would also seem that no one took the precaution of developing a common strategy to combat it .
Therefore , I think that we must be prepared to give this government the benefit of the doubt and have faith that Mr <unk> and his government will implement this new legislation and be able to re-establish the pace of <unk> that existed before .
The House adopts many resolutions to help promote employment in poor countries and so forth , and this was one of the reasons why the 1991 rules were introduced .
First of all I very much agree with the argument of the head of the UN mission in Kosovo , Mr <unk> , that the real task for Kosovo over the coming year is to put standards before status .
<unk> cannot be allowed to dominate over everything else .
– Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should also like to congratulate Mrs <unk> on her outstanding report , which expresses Parliament ’ s concerns regarding the definition of Community strategic guidelines that should govern the application of the economic and social cohesion policy for 2007-2013 .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Vice-President , what has to be said , quite simply and <unk> , about the opinion of the European Parliament on the Commission &apos;s report on Citizenship of the Union that Mr <unk> has presented is that it misses the point .
So I really wonder whether we can afford to continue putting European taxpayers &apos; money in concrete without this having a significant impact on employment .
<unk> cooperation cannot be applied to the second pillar , because there are already other instruments within the second pillar for such application .
This is the path which the European Parliament has always favoured .
This is why I am concerned by those who wish to exclude competition and change as we will be the poorer for it .
The financial regulation is adopted , as you know and as was carried out here , with a qualified majority when the agreement comes into force .
Indeed , I quote : ‘ It is against this backdrop that , turning to Italy and the forthcoming elections for the European Parliament next spring , I have proposed that all <unk> ... ’ and so on .
As Parliament would expect , the summit was inevitably dominated by straight talking on Chechnya with the European Union , as the presidency indicated , pressing for <unk> , for a return to political dialogue , for proportionality in the use of force to deal with terrorism and a solution to the humanitarian crisis .
In addition , on 11 July of this year the Commission decided to declare Spain in default on the same grounds in relation to Directive 92 / 50 / EEC concerning the coordination of procedures for the award of public service contracts .
So I do think this is the really decisive moment .
Trading of goods The citizens are all too keen to forget that they have to declare the income derived from <unk> from another country to the tax administration of their own country .
I hope that on all of these issues you will consult the European Parliament and , also , civil society and the NGOs .
I note and welcome the invitation in the report to explore every avenue for initiatives in favour of the Iraqi population and refugees , and to reinforce the present activities carried out in the field of humanitarian assistance .
Unfortunately , these amendments were not recorded as having been adopted in the word processed version and consequently do not appear in documents 10 and 12 .
Mr President , I would like to begin , as others here have done , by thanking the rapporteur , Mrs Flemming , and also the previous rapporteur , Mr Rübig .
Since last year ’ s Thessaloniki Summit , the European Union and the countries of the Western Balkans have a shared agenda for progress .
We accepted paragraph 8 since we support a sensible rationalisation of working languages for essential cross-border cooperation between professionals such as judges and prosecutors on matters like extradition warrants .
It then goes so far as to state , however , in these very words , that the current political climate regarding asylum and illegal immigration may be – just think of it !
– a possible obstacle to creating cooperation on managed migration and integration policies .
<unk> us the message , take away the <unk> , get down to business and priorities , come back here and then we will feel you have delivered something .
We will have to discuss the structure you are proposing , and whether it is transparent , efficient and flexible .
What is more important though , is that the Member States , and especially the Member States , felt that a directive was needed .
All this , of course , is clearly perceived by our rapporteurs .
Any important developments there have been have occurred outside the framework of the Treaty , or even in spite of it .
As I have already said : Europe will not be bureaucratic , technocratic or merely diplomatic ; Europe must be democratic .
<unk> Services I welcome therefore the Commission &apos;s comments on the following points .
That is why I do not accept your criticism in this regard .
He has done more than most as a <unk> version of conflict resolution in a part of the world which I know well and has been properly commended globally for his efforts .
In the set-aside scheme , which promotes the cultivation of marginal land , farmers are paid for doing nothing .
Finally , is the Commission prepared to consult Parliament before taking any decisions in this area ?
With regard to opting-out , the potential for abuse is obvious , particularly in a situation of legal equality but not economic equality between the <unk> in working life .
We even want to know about good practice .
Our debts and responsibilities towards the poor countries of the world are not <unk> simply by providing <unk> of money .
It is simply battling with a foreign invasion which , although it exploits the age-old <unk> between ethnic groups , as usual , is primarily a matter for geopolitical analysis .
Our duty in this , as in all , discussions is to protect the interests of the citizens , whether they be immediate interests , or interests which are not yet apparent but which will take on vital importance in the medium and long term .
Nevertheless they are still democrats .
We will continue this cooperation within the context of the work of the permanent committees of Parliament .
<unk> in 2004 to replace the <unk> form , this <unk> is intended to allow citizens , in all cases , to assert their rights to health insurance in a simple and effective way .
They have gone into <unk> and <unk> on another planet like the <unk> for which the <unk> system was devised .
Whilst a debate on the amount of funding is necessary , thought must also be given to the quality of spending .
( Parliament adopted the resolution ) Firstly , it must be compatible with the WTO , and Mrs Mann reminded us of the rules in this respect .
During that visit , the Iraqi Government stressed how much it values the EU ’ s assistance , particularly in supporting the constitutional and electoral processes and work to improve capacity in the rule of law sector , including through the <unk> <unk> mission .
You are quite right when you say that we must review the way the burden is shared .
<unk> children have many names .
This proposal from the Commission and the principle of operator number portability and carrier <unk> is one that my own political group very much supports as indeed do I.
The reason that I was very keen for the particular amendment to go through was that there is at least a question mark over whether carrier <unk> is going to deliver the benefits of liberalization to the ordinary domestic consumer , the one who very rarely makes even a <unk> call and almost never in his life makes an international call .
The fact is that that is a fraction of what the big oil companies – I am not talking about the medium-sized or small ones – operating in Europe and elsewhere , have earned .
I wanted to plan my time scales for next year and found that not a single date given in the European Parliament &apos;s <unk> for <unk> is correct as from 1 February .
The problem is that when part of this framework is changed the whole framework is affected as a result .
Where does the fault lie ?
However , this motion is inadequate as it actually starts from the principle that Angola enjoys rule of law and is only imposing certain restrictions on journalists and restraining them .
Mr President , once again it seems that the chaos of persecution levelled at tobacco cultivation is continuing .
An extension would lead not only to frustration in the new countries too , but would also significantly worsen the situation in the existing 15 EU Member States .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , freedom of movement - and here we share the same opinion - is the focal point of the Treaty on European Union .
No , you have not done so .
In the interests of transparency , this document should be available in all languages so people can see what is going on at these <unk> meetings .
Does it mean that you can still suffer discrimination in the workplace if you engage in homosexual activities in your private life ?
There is no question that driving licences need to be standardised , as we cannot expect any <unk> anywhere in Europe to be familiar with all their various <unk> .
In the fight against terrorism we need to keep them close .
That delayed the implementation of projects and at the same time caused a considerable backlog of outstanding commitments , which has still not been cleared .
Madam President , the Group of the European People &apos;s Party supports the amendments tabled by the Committee on the Rules of Procedure .
The Commission proposal is not based on a proper evaluation of the economic effect , and it has not considered the consequences of the measure for the sector and in particular for ticket prices .
The end cannot justify the means when human dignity is at stake , for human dignity must be respected above all things .
These trends are largely shared by the European Parliament and have also been the object of a communication on <unk> satellites , for which Mr Hoppenstedt was the rapporteur , and are to an extent also included in the Fifth Framework Programme .
This is why the issue must be clarified here today , and why I must respond to the various interpretations of what constitutes political dialogue .
Please stick to the rules of fair play .
We were told that the Treaty of Nice was essential for enlargement .
I do not consider that this issue requires it .
I voted in favour .
With this in mind , I would like to highlight another of the conclusions reached by the Committee on Budgets : &apos; <unk> policy can also influence the achievement of these objectives and to this end an agreement should be reached on a common energy and CO2 tax at the first opportunity . &apos;
I therefore believe that the authorities , local firms and associations in the sector , with the help of the Community institutions , in addition to watching over the protected areas should also be responsible for the regular scientific monitoring of habitats , as well as for providing <unk> information and ensuring the professional conduct of those involved in fishing .
We do have something to add , however , to the discussion , particularly when the Convention is up and running and the future of Europe and institutional reform are being so widely debated .
Mr President , while northern Europe considers the anti-dumping measures to be protectionist , and <unk> consumer interests to back up its argument , southern Europe considers the measures to be inadequate to protect their <unk> industry against unfair competition .
We have made clear that the high costs incurred in bank transfers are not acceptable .
Recent events , however , led to profound changes in the agenda , principally the Madrid attacks on 11 March , in the wake of which the Council adopted a number of measures to ensure our safety against the threat of terrorism .
We believe that , if there is the political will and commitment , many of the measures referred to in the European Parliament &apos;s motions for resolutions , which are also touched on in Mr Queiró &apos;s oral question , can be put into practice .
The EU is in principle ready for this , but first Moscow has to ratify the Council of Europe &apos;s Convention on Data Protection .
These will be generated by high levels of research and development spending close to the market .
What planet do we think we are on ?
It is in this light that I cast my vote on the joint motion for a resolution .
I was presented <unk> on two occasions before a Turkish military court and on one occasion before an illegal civilian court in the <unk> sector of <unk> .
Whatever happens , if the negotiations that we shall be holding this evening and tomorrow make it necessary for us , at any given moment , to reconsider our position , I can only regret it , but in that case I shall immediately seek a meeting with the Council and the Commission so that we can reach agreement as quickly as possible .
We are dealing here with taxpayers &apos; money .
That especially applies within agriculture and within infrastructure development .
Mr President , I wish to congratulate Mr Wynn , all the rapporteurs and Mrs Theato and to say that they are a group of people dedicated to the whole business of getting the Community &apos;s finances in order .
I am grateful for both these facts and am already looking forward to further discussions on this and to our continued cooperation .
I think this amendment is extremely helpful , because it demonstrates that we are united in this Parliament in our refusal to accept irresponsibility .
This new protocol on rules of origin should be presented to the trade ministers at the <unk> conference in <unk> on 7 July next .
We need to attain sustainable peace , stability and prosperity in the Balkans within a process of integration in the European Union and with the prospect of ultimately joining , of course .
It states that European companies regard themselves as an integral part of society which means that they operate in a socially responsible way .
We are still waiting for Iran ’ s response .
<unk> criminals should not take advantage of either naive or opportunistic people in order to create a market of unsafe and unregulated organs .
The new Financial Regulation is also <unk> matters , especially the <unk> lines .
The statement considers the need to avoid the poverty trap that threatens the new Member States in particular as a serious question weighing on Europe &apos;s conscience .
I am very sorry that the <unk> amendments , which significantly undermine the relevance of the document , have been adopted , and I regret their having been the subject of a compromise that I have no hesitation in referring to as dubious .
I see it rather as being essential if society is to accept and trust new technology .
Any simplification of that - and of course it is not only about simplification , it is giving real choice to consumers so that they can shop around so that the benefits of competition will come through - is extremely important .
The matter referred to concerns Russian freight <unk> , where technical solutions are applied which differ from those of the Member States , inter alia in the area of <unk> and brakes .
What is the minister going to do , together with his colleagues in the European Council of Ministers , to stop this , and to come into line with America on the Burmese issue ?
I should like to begin the Commission &apos;s contribution myself and then at the end of the discussion ask Commissioner Nielson to say something about the humanitarian situation in which he has been actively involved because of his responsibility for ECHO .
Of course , it contributes to the achievement of the Union &apos;s other goals as well .
This is a worrying development , bearing in mind that this decision will significantly reduce the former encouraging prospects for exports from northern Italy .
Mr President , I am sorry that the Commissioner must be feeling that he is getting the third degree here .
It is really impossible for me to <unk> your behaviour .
But if we are to be serious about making these organic processes competitive , further work remains to be done .
I think there was some confusion at the end .
( IT ) Mr President , I would like to thank Mr Brok for his speech .
They are relying on the strength of the euro , which is no <unk> premature baby , to bring about more investment and new , <unk> growth , so that unemployment figures go down .
We are critical of excessively expanding the <unk> administration , implementing an unnecessary number of programmes , and also of <unk> compromises , driven by the financial lobby groups , all of which increase costs and increase the threat of diseases , not just <unk> <unk> .
I notice that you said this particular issue was not currently on your agenda for the next IGC but if some people wished it , you would consider it .
In line with the logic prevailing for the other categories , the Council has taken maximum account of the substantial <unk> of these appropriations in 2000 .
Mr President , I also wish to congratulate Mr van Hulten on this first piece of work which he is presenting to the House .
I would once more stress the need for a specific legal base for tourism in the Treaties .
However , that means giving responsibility for food issues to the Commissioner who deals with consumer protection , together with all the necessary resources !
Mr President , what we are discussing here today is European citizenship and the rights of European citizens themselves .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am very pleased that our debate on monetary union today is not about &apos;if &apos; but about <unk> &apos; , and that this applies to all groups .
I shall not return to the darkest point , which is unemployment , as others have already spoken on this .
If , for instance , you <unk> a hectare of land to get four tonnes of wheat , then that is more environmentally-friendly than if you <unk> four hectares of land to get four tonnes of wheat .
There must be no repeat of these events .
It was exactly the same in NATO : when the communist system ended the highly paid personnel who <unk> images of <unk> suddenly looked around for new roles to play , and they appear to have found them .
Mr President , thank you for your statement .
<unk> we would be feeling <unk> and <unk> to go .
The joint debate is closed .
Of course , rules are needed , including in connection with <unk> , so that , for example , animal protection is guaranteed .
It would provide a financial incentive for the development of clean technologies that will safeguard the environmental heritage of future generations .
The fact that the local elections in September produced the same results as the elections in March shows how the outcome of the March election is to be judged .
This should , of course , go hand in hand with the correct and prompt handling of complaints .
The reality that is currently devastating the country is quite different , Mr President .
That is why I am proposing to this House , with the support of the Committee , that we develop a symbol and that the Commission prescribe a clear label to go with it for products with a <unk> of over 30 months .
He has done it .
These possibilities are as hard to <unk> as they are numerous , and that is why it is important for the individual to be protected against abuse , and for us to ensure that democratic controls can be applied .
How ironic then that Mr Clinton &apos;s main <unk> is Mr Blair , Mr Clean the Christian socialist , and how disgraceful that Mr Blair , the President of the European Union , has made no attempt to represent the views of Europe but seeks to impose the views of Mr Clinton on Europe .
That started in a <unk> in Poland .
The debate is closed .
In Parliamentary discussions on the budgetary deficit doubts have been expressed about the establishment of a committee on employment and labour market policies .
If you wish , you may request a referral back to committee , but please wait until we vote on the item in question .
Madam President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , President Prodi , the four weeks that passed between the <unk> European Council of 21 September and the <unk> Summit of 19 October were filled with events of strategic importance .
There are no simple solutions .
With regard to the investigations into legal deposit procedures and registration schemes , groups of film industry experts will be convened this autumn and we shall commence the debate on the results of these investigations .
( Mr Martens : &quot; The Commission is in Brussels &apos; ) It was a joke , Mr Martens .
The Council of Ministers &apos; proposal for a regulation , on which we are to vote today , seeks to implement a number of amendments <unk> by the decision of the European Council of Heads of State and Government in Berlin in March .
I voted in favour of this resolution , as I naturally endorse the promotion of new technical requirements and new processes that actively contribute towards adopting measures taken against the emission of <unk> and <unk> pollutants .
First of all , it claims that the problem of identifying the age of a child is extremely delicate and that there is no solution .
Commissioner , I will send you a copy of this independent <unk> , which shows that my constituent did not have a fair trial and that there was a severe problem with the police investigation .
.
These requests , which are being justified in terms of political , economic and social necessity , are being examined at present in Council bodies established to formulate the EU common position at the negotiations .
This means less State aid for grass-roots needs and servicing of the competitiveness of European capital .
I think this should be obvious if the Convention and its work are to be taken seriously .
.
This quite simply shows that the Commission still has a long way to go before realising the scale of the problem we are facing today .
Question No 39 by Richard Howitt ( <unk> / 98 ) Subject : Trans-European transport networks and access for the disabled Yesterday &apos;s meeting agreed in principle that a mission was a good idea , with almost everyone emphasising the importance of involving North Korea in the whole procedure at the highest possible level , including ?
<unk> <unk> personally .
The European Union should therefore be looking to take up the Swedish type of legislation , which links such <unk> to the principle of competition .
Question No 30 by <unk> Titley ( <unk> / 98 ) Subject : EEA and enlargement Despite our parliamentary questions , the European Commission failed to add the topic to the agenda at the recent summit meeting with Mr <unk> .
The financial and military support granted by the military regime to the Taliban <unk> in Afghanistan is repugnant .
I thank Mr <unk> for bringing his typical <unk> to the reform agenda and I commit myself to that agenda .
In my view that is not an issue for a parliament to discuss and I can only say to Mr <unk> and my other colleagues : let the airlines regulate that ; it is not the job of Members .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , with the implementation of the Amsterdam Treaty , the European Parliament has new powers of determining relations between the institutions .
They have been tireless workers on fighting fraud in the European Union since they were appointed .
As I am assured that everyone will have a copy of the Minutes in their own language by that time , we could , indeed , interrupt the debate for a few moments in order to approve the Minutes .
I would have referred specifically to a point raised by Mr Dupuis , but since he is not here , I will pass on .
Agriculture must accept its share of <unk> pays &apos; charges , and has in fact already started to do so , but account must also be taken of its special characteristics and constraints , especially in <unk> regions .
The undoubted progress made by Estonia must not be allowed to obscure the <unk> legacy , so difficult to overcome , of war and Soviet occupation .
However , there are no positive measures on behalf of shipping .
For if we cannot work out a clear position at first reading stage , the Council then has the last word .
Naturally , Members ’ rights are not restricted to merely the right to vote : we are a parliament and not a ‘ <unk> ’ .
At a recent meeting with <unk> I was told that the government is <unk> to challenge this decision .
Following this , the Commission launched a joint procedure between the framework directive and the EU Water Initiative , a procedure which Greece headed for the part of the initiative concerning the Mediterranean .
Also , as we have said , the Commission will not take the initiative in extending the 1980 agreement in Burma &apos;s favour .
Mr President , I think that the Chairman of the Committee on Budgets is right .
Mr President , I think it is very important that we take the rules and procedures very seriously indeed and it is helpful when Members here who have information can clarify positions .
And secondly , as I said , this therefore means that we must have a requirement for individual countries to publish their lists of <unk> medicines and also to explain how they are approved , for example whether they have been approved under Articles 7 and 8 , because in that case we have already come a good deal of the way .
In doing so , we also take the liberty of setting different priorities from those of our American colleagues in Congress .
It is a <unk> leap forward in terms of clarity and accessibility .
By <unk> on notions such as the <unk> population &apos; , the need to <unk> the European social model &apos; and the priority of &apos;the sustainability of public finances &apos; in relation to social systems , they are covering , strengthening and <unk> the attempt being made by numerous governments in the European Union - such as Greece - to dismantle social protection systems and hand the workers over to private insurance companies without so much as a guarantee .
They might even deter future African politicians from developing into violent dictators .
The only proposal which has been made is for the directive on family reunification .
This is the core of the problem .
The Taliban believe that the end justifies the means , even if this means that women &apos;s rights , and therefore human rights , are violated .
The constitutional evolution is not as such a condition for concluding the negotiations on a stabilisation and association agreement .
Following on from what the Council resolved at its summits in Brussels and Luxembourg , productive agriculture must be possible throughout the EU , in every region and location .
Hundreds of thousands of people die in aid of this every year .
However , what we have here is not cooperation but coercion from the Council .
This renewed EU sustainability strategy should be clearly visible from the outside .
One of its purposes will be to confirm or revise the limits for 2005 as soon as it possibly can .
<unk> from individual references to specific positions , I believe that action by the European Commission or Europe in general is important : there is much demand for Europe – perhaps in comparison with the alternative – and great things are expected of it .
As far as Amendment No 1 is concerned , I think he will acknowledge that the constant pursuit of the Commission is to add value , clarification , simplification and transparency .
I just wondered what your position is on the sale of arms .
<unk> there were two million tonnes of these , and they were subject to customs duties , as were cereal <unk> .
Given that the principle of subsidiarity is now enshrined in the Treaties , abolishing the EDF and restoring the corresponding policies to the control of the Member States - which can manage them perfectly well on their own - would be a good example of a return to democracy .
In other words , we are responding to the Ombudsman &apos;s concern to have a full team in order to be able to carry out his duties .
It is the only issue on which there is serious political disagreement between the Commission and the Greek government .
I should like to say to Mrs Hautala that there will be a communication by the end of December , if possible , but certainly <unk> before the middle of January , on the question of the external aspects of social policy .
Denmark , meanwhile , is a Member of the European Union , while <unk> withdrew from the EU more than 15 years ago following a referendum .
After a long process due to the disagreement between the European Parliament and the Commission and Council , which required the <unk> of a Conciliation Committee , the European Parliament has approved the proposal relating to novel foods and novel food ingredients .
Firstly , the Charter of Fundamental Rights : will it be a political act or a draft for a new constitution .
Mr President , we have before us an exceptionally high standard report on human rights , and I am now speaking of Mrs Malmström &apos; s report , and what is also gratifying about it is the fact that it was drafted in close cooperation with independent NGOs .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
That signal is being sent out in the wrong direction .
<unk> enough , the European Council decided , at the Gothenburg Summit in June , that a new chemicals policy would have to be introduced by 2004 at the latest and that this time limit would have to be respected .
The European Council recognised , however , that progress on this was <unk> and less substantial than expected and that new impetus and new guidelines were needed in order to make up for the delay .
You will recall that the creation of this agency is a clear signal that more uniform and effective enforcement of the rules is a priority for the reformed common fisheries policy .
Flexibility in the context of food hygiene is an issue with which I am greatly concerned .
Are we going to respond to our citizens &apos; <unk> with the arguments of a legal <unk> ?
Otherwise , there is little point in having a European policy .
Ladies and gentlemen , the proportional system is not good , and it is not applicable .
The Commission must make all speed to use its energies and funds to ensure that those affected in the hardest hit areas are helped immediately , through such instruments as the ERDF and the EAGGF Guarantee Section .
What were the reactions at the time ?
All EU citizens need to feel welcome in an EU whose power is increasing every day .
Naturally , the job market was reformed and training and proactive employment policy structures and mechanisms were created during the course of the second Community <unk> Framework .
My fellow Commissioners and I are aware that we have made considerable demands of our colleagues , not only in terms of workload , but especially because they have had to adapt to changes in working methods and to taking greater individual responsibility for their action .
I am pleased that we have <unk> to approve a significant financial contribution by the Union to the creation of a <unk> Fund as suggested by the United Nations &apos; Secretary-General .
Yet often we then forget to take stock of what is happening and when we do so , as today , the result is so utterly <unk> .
They are what we sometimes call ‘ <unk> prisoners ’ .
I say that because many of the borders involved in these great island <unk> - the Philippines , Indonesia , Malaysia - are purely and simply colonial borders that we drew <unk> to suit our own political and economic interests and which destroyed historical structures .
<unk> mobility between companies , universities and research centres , the harmonisation of working conditions and career structures and the creation of Europe-wide infrastructure are essential conditions for creating a <unk> research environment .
Would you please kindly tell me which Rule of the Rules of Procedure your point of order relates to .
If we had agreed - as almost happened - to separate two <unk> decisions , namely the approval of a single statute for Members of the European Parliament - in other words equal conditions for all , regardless of country of origin - and the approval of a new scheme for the payment of travel expenses on the basis of real cost , then we would have established a <unk> European Parliament .
It is essential to remove the idea of <unk> with holding a national mandate too , because if we establish a full time President of the European Council - albeit calling the post <unk> &apos; or trying to draw up a restrictive job description - all the elements of duplication , or <unk> in the leadership of the Union , which have been condemned for being extremely confusing with regard to executive functions , will inevitably come about .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution ) The elections are therefore necessary .
Transport policies should indeed be Community policies , they should continue to be Community policies and they should continue to come under heading 3 of the budget and not heading 2 , as some think , since this may be structural expenditure .
In the case of the <unk> <unk> , I recognise that the proposal has some merit .
.
There is one point which I am sure will be discussed in conciliation , for the Commission too expressed reservations regarding this point in its amended position , and it is the provision for positive measures laying down specific advantages .
The rapporteur has said that these measures will guarantee the safety of products .
But there is a big risk that the EU partners will merely teach them how to act better as a <unk> <unk> for us .
.
This is why we believe that the manner in which these elections will be conducted and the potential impact of their results on Albania &apos;s political stability should be factors to be taken into account when deciding to open negotiations .
From this point of view , the ratification of the Charter for Regional or <unk> Languages would merely give a new impetus to a Europe of the Regions , which the euro will also speed up at the same time by depriving the Member States of one of the instruments with which they exert their national identity .
I am pleased with the outcome , even though I realise that further adjustments will need to be made in the course of further discussion on the motion for a resolution .
Turning to the <unk> Islands , here too the Commission has been observing the deteriorating security situation with concern .
I also agree with the suggestion that this new democratic dialogue , which should be seen as a chance to promote European democracy , should be conducted and coordinated across the Union , structured by common themes and in realistic stages according to an agreed framework for evaluation , and designed to lead to decisive political choices .
( The sitting was closed at 19 : 55 ) Madam President , I must first congratulate the European Commission on its proposal for revision of the regulation governing the environmental audit , first approved in 1993 .
Naturally , Russia &apos;s positions do not entirely coincide with what the Member States have agreed and we as Presidency have made considerable efforts to create a common approach , and in producing it we have taken particular account , of course , of the interests of Poland and Lithuania given that they are future Members of the Union which have been kept informed of the progress of the exchanges with Russia on this issue .
In accordance with the Rules of Procedure , Questions Nos 49 and 50 will be replied to in writing ( 2 ) .
To return to set-aside , if you looked , you would be able to see that , in practice , set-aside is not caused by crop rotation , but that farms are <unk> poor land to use as permanent set-aside and are farming the other crops in the rotation even more intensively and with even greater use of chemicals .
And so we go back to our discussions and to <unk> this dreadful state of affairs .
In addition to these substantive points , we also regarded a number of other considerations as being important .
We endorse most of the proposals put forward by the Convention &apos;s working groups seeking to ensure the principle of a dual budgetary authority : Parliament and Council .
This is in line with the knowledge-based approach for policy making as proposed in the Sixth Environmental Action Programme and approved by the European Parliament and the Council .
The text presented by Mr Medina Ortega is heading in the right direction , but the proposed amendments weaken it considerably and we reject them .
To this end , around EUR 3 500 million have been invested over the last five years , shared between two broad cooperation formulae : bilateral and regional .
It appears to me that our institutions have collectively - and this is good news for everyone , and particularly those who have doubts about the Parliament - reached the age of reason .
Today , the Danish Social Democrats have voted in favour of the report by Michael <unk> dealing with the Commission &apos;s Green Paper , covering the field of public sector procurement .
Mr President , I began my military career as a British army officer in the <unk> 1960s , engaged on military operations against the Indonesian Army in <unk> in defence of the newly created State of Malaysia .
.
If it is not handled in the correct way , it is an instrument which , instead of providing a solution , can have the opposite effect .
Mr President , I think that it would be premature to comment on the Commission &apos;s communication to the European Parliament and the Council on the subject of deepening the Customs Union , but I can assure you , ladies and gentlemen , that the Luxembourg Presidency will deal with this communication in the coming weeks and I am fully willing to come back to this question at your next part-session .
Finally , the last example calls to mind the destruction of the coral <unk> in New <unk> , for which we were responsible , by <unk> waste from the <unk> mines .
Indeed the Community , as a donor , is a major contributor to the <unk> Trust Fund , accounting for almost 25 % of the total resources .
<unk> differ from one state to another , and are not <unk> .
But our amendments and list of priorities are also designed to take special account of the man in the street and his concerns , such as common <unk> or the weaknesses of the system .
No-one can place him or herself outside its ambit just because of who they are or what they do .
Of course there are areas with a growing energy requirement in which renewable energy sources could be a decisive solution .
We would like to offer our most sincere condolences to the family of Miguel Angel Blanco and our support at this difficult time .
The Balkans will not be able to pull themselves out of trouble through their own efforts , so cooperation with the EU is crucial at both economic and <unk> levels .
We do not introduce fundamental points like Article N , naturally , but we say that changes need to be made at the preparatory stage , because the intergovernmental method has proved inadequate , which is why we need to prepare differently if the intergovernmental conference is to be a success .
If Member States wish to continue with nuclear technologies , the industry as a whole needs to be evaluated to ensure that measures are taken within a programme which puts the principle of sustainability at the centre of decisionmaking .
Besides the labelling of meat , it is planned to introduce <unk> identification of cattle in the EU .
Such a course of action would be unacceptable , because it would represent a serious risk to the health of the people living in the vicinity and to the area that <unk> the <unk> .
As , though , our learned <unk> have confirmed that a synthetic product cannot be incorporated into a common organisation of the market in an agricultural product , this essentially sensible possibility on which our rapporteur &apos;s eye had <unk> , was dropped .
It is derisory .
That reform would suit the large countries , especially Germany , which is <unk> of the ECB &apos; s failure to act , implicitly <unk> this on the disproportionate influence of the small countries within the Governing Council .
But even the safest power station is <unk> by people .
I do not believe that there is a genuine policy of discrimination within the institutions .
Finally on the weighting of votes in the Council , there are also two main options on the table since the Biarritz declaration : either a double majority or a simple <unk> .
It is a call that is ignored , <unk> and considered <unk> by the advertising industry .
Its author &apos; s sole concern , under the guise of unifying energy markets in Europe , is to deliver this entire sector into the hands of private profit .
Motion for a resolution ( <unk> / 2001 ) on the common organisation of the market in fruit and vegetables It seems that Bangladesh is the nice <unk> around and we certainly should recognise this as a fact and we should relate to Bangladesh in that perspective .
Madam President , I would add my voice to those <unk> Mrs Roth-Behrendt .
These are the areas in which changes will be made .
We now find ourselves with a dilemma which North Americans would define by saying we need to reconcile Wall Street with <unk> Street .
I shall concentrate on the broad economic guidelines .
The Nordic passport union must be retained .
However , not everyone was entitled to make this gesture , which is something I regret profoundly .
Just one screen at the back here would do it .
This , in my opinion , is the price of Community solidarity .
I call on you to improve coordination here in the overall interests of procedural efficiency .
The argument that the rise of the commercial Internet has significantly diminished the possibilities for interception is convincing .
The concern of the World Summit to ensure that a better regulatory framework , an appropriate system of governance , is created to avert the risks and <unk> that might jeopardise the security and integrity of individuals , organisations and even governments , cannot justify failure to respect these rights .
For me it would be quite conceivable that the rights of someone who has <unk> into a country should be closer to those of the citizens of that country after that person has lived there legally for a certain period of time .
I think that this is not the correct response .
You backed us in the first ever summit for ordinary people , which brought together to debate our agenda NGOs from across Europe .
Mr President , foreign policy is the political area in which it is most difficult to anticipate events , in which the unexpected happens without warning and in which <unk> and <unk> decisions are of fundamental importance .
Nevertheless , I must express some reservations about its whole orientation and also about some speakers &apos; contributions to this discussion .
However , specific measures directed at this type of crime seem currently to be inadequate .
That is what we are working to do .
I am particularly pleased that the committee adopted my amendments , which clarify the meaning of producer responsibility .
War <unk> a harsh light on all our <unk> , on all our <unk> , on all our institutional <unk> .
The manner and extent to which these <unk> operate will depend on the situation of each Member State .
Nonetheless , certain Member States have expressed their concern about the future : if , or rather when , the number of cases of HIV <unk> and the cost of treatment remains high .
But if this conference does not have the far-reaching outcome we desire and need , then this would be a tragedy for the European Union , for it would then be unable to undergo enlargement , and it would be awful if at the beginning of this century , the <unk> of the European Union were to remain closed to the countries of Central Europe , which have shaken off Communism , and if the Central European States were unable to gain access to the European Union .
What we do know is that the expectations raised by the introduction of the special rules were met – if at all – only in part .
In our opinion , it is essential for Parliament to speak out against the World Bank &apos;s decision .
There is a very real link between the reform process in the Commission as such , and our ability to deliver on the ground which is the basis of the deal with the ACP countries .
I would like to address my remarks to two particular dimensions of the <unk> , firstly on the consumer health policy unit , and secondly on the transfer of funds for the <unk> agency in Alicante .
I also think it is necessary for us to have a separate clause on the need for the Member States to punish offences against children , even if these are committed in countries where they are not prohibited .
Mr President , I should like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Schröder , and everyone who has taken part in what I feel has been a high-quality debate .
We call on the Commission to present a proposal to amend the present regulation as a matter of urgency .
Indeed , residues monitoring plans carried out by Member States also enabled the identification of contamination cases in food produced in the European Union .
And if it is going to play its part , it needs to put its own house in order .
In the name of competition , priority is given to the interests of economic operators to the detriment of consumer protection .
( Parliament adopted the resolution ) If the proposed amendments are accepted and the <unk> processing arrangements are opened yet further , Community preference , which has already deteriorated , will no longer apply in practice and it will be more difficult to place processed Community agricultural products on international markets ; small- and medium-sized units relying on Community agricultural produce and Community export refunds stand to lose and large processing units buying cheap raw materials from third countries stand to gain .
The Commission &apos;s Green Paper , launched at a European <unk> in Dublin at the end of September 1996 , generated a debate throughout Europe on the many aspects of the information society , as also identified by the High Level Group and the Information Society Forum .
<unk> should , though , also be given to international cooperation beyond Europe .
It lays down conditions to enable people travelling inside the Union to do so free from restrictions on their rights , their social security , or other benefits .
That is why I believe that this notion of partnership must be suspended , and I call on the Commission to draw up a list of <unk> measures aimed at certain American companies .
However , this is a problem which will <unk> the six months of the Portuguese Presidency .
The Commission , in my opinion , has shown a clear and unprecedented commitment to change and for this they are to be congratulated .
It is not surprising , then , that in this stalemate , and for lack of any real , practical plan of action and any true political leadership , it was decided to do something typical of the socialist tradition – even though most governments today are <unk> – which was to set up another working group , chaired by yet another great man , Mr Wim Kok .
I would like to conclude with a point which could seem somewhat out of place , relating to the immigration emergency .
There is an even more startling contrast between the Commission &apos;s uncompromising attitude towards certain types of fishery and its <unk> towards industrial fisheries .
I could tell you now , word for word , exactly what the representative of the Sudanese parliament , if we can call it that , will say .
I would like to devote a few words to the European Union action plan which followed the Council &apos;s approval .
<unk> the Commission can go further into this question in bilateral contact with the countries concerned .
The debate is closed .
In my opinion , this objection is no longer well-founded since the regulation has been amended and brought completely into line with the new international system of liability .
There is only one point on which I disagree with her .
I believe that we should offer OLAF the necessary resources as soon as possible so that it can carry out its work efficiently , but it is nevertheless essential that budgetary control goes much further than the sixth part which is directly controlled by the Commission .
Mr President , I have just returned from Sri Lanka , where I witnessed many of the dreadful sights that we have all seen on television .
The directive under consideration covers the <unk> of <unk> employment and independent <unk> and professions .
At the same time , we should not forget that national economies have become increasingly <unk> - to a degree that was previously <unk> - and of course this means that any measure taken in one Member State is bound to affect the measures in others .
Secondly , the Commissioner continually used the <unk> word &apos;if &apos; .
So it is not a major issue , but as always it is the small things that cause problems and I would say to Mr <unk> and Mr Watts that we should be clear in our minds about what we actually want .
If children are constantly hungry , they will begin to beg and even <unk> .
I am told the Conservatives are reluctant to support this , but I hope it is not true .
Then , it would be a serious historical error , Mr President , to exclude any reference to Europe &apos;s <unk> roots .
Naturally it will help , naturally it will assist along these lines , but it is not anything absolute or anything that should give rise to the fears that have been expressed in this House .
As the Commissioner stated a moment ago , the shipping industry is a very competitive business .
So the hearing showed that there must be no renationalization of the decision-making processes and illustrated that the requirement of unanimity has once again pushed the European Parliament to the limits of its tolerance and the people of Europe to the limits of their patience and understanding of the process of European integration .
That is to say , beyond the universal value of the fight against racism , there must be a specifically European message , for , let us be clear about this , Europe has often been the home of racism .
I would have been more convinced if he had taken up the issue of funding for Iraq where , as a political group last year , we asked for EUR <unk> to be put in , but everyone <unk> up their arms and said that we would not be able to find that sum of money .
Mr President , I should like to conclude as I began , by expressing my admiration for the rapporteur and my gratitude for the work he has undertaken .
To that end , we must create a dialogue that includes the administration and the social and economic actors and that takes account of the available research and innovation instruments .
An arrangement such as the EEA agreement may be regarded as a solution of the past , but I would nevertheless like to ask , whether the Commission could , even in principle , consider a possible solution along the lines of the EEA agreement - not as it stands but of that nature - to be used as some sort of &apos; <unk> &apos; or <unk> for the new Member States prior to actual membership , instead of the applicant countries having to wait for long periods of time before permanent membership becomes a reality .
It would not be all that bad if Mr <unk> or the other sun <unk> in France were <unk> affected financially , because in the end - as you said yourself - this is primarily a question of money , and a lot of money .
The fact is that we have not yet seen the agreed market liberalisation within Europe applied in some Member States , not least his own .
They include : creating an effective information strategy ; providing an efficient service for Members and visitors ; continuing to purchase property and buildings under the right conditions ; streamlining <unk> policy and improving <unk> budgeting , which focuses more on core operations ; <unk> examining all forms of expenditure ; making better use of our resources , thus reducing waste , and other inherent <unk> – so adding real value to our performance .
The Commission therefore needs to take serious account of the proposals in the report .
That is a result of the unfounded allegations that are being made by Mr De Rossa and others .
<unk> of agreements with those countries would follow if the clause was <unk> .
It has been the <unk> establishing monitoring mechanisms .
My political group considers that this is very serious .
I am therefore particularly happy to welcome the joint statement issued on 10 May by the Indonesian government and the Free Aceh Movement ( <unk> ) , following two days of consultations facilitated by the <unk> <unk> Centre in Geneva .
As long as such people exist in Israel and on the Palestinian side , we must do everything we can to press for peace in the Middle East with hope and confidence .
I hope that in the final version , the Commission and the Council find a model that makes this directive workable and attractive for the ships and the ports .
First , politics means shaping ; politics means shaping the habitat and coexistence of people .
We therefore have to avoid a situation that would lead to new problems within the Union .
It was in accord with his positive and <unk> nature that the President-in-Office of the Council gave us his usual optimistic version of what he thinks is going on in the IGC .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this is a <unk> theme which combines cultural , emotional and political elements of relevance to all Europeans .
I think that this new revision procedure could contribute towards linking the European Parliament more closely with the revision of the Treaties .
( Laughter ) At present , the Commission is focusing on aid for internally displaced persons , on average between EUR 7 million and EUR 8 million per annum , and financially supports a series of initiatives intended to promote human rights in the country .
In other words , I am tabling an oral amendment designed to remove the word &apos;European &apos; .
Mr President , it seems to me that it is very sad that we are discussing the issue of aircraft safety so shortly after the tragic <unk> disaster off the coast of <unk> <unk> 10 days ago .
The accession of a united Cyprus remains the strong preference – I emphasise the strong preference – of the European Union .
Next Sunday , 25 April , sees the <unk> anniversary of the ‘ <unk> Revolution ’ , a democratic revolution , which was promptly <unk> by the extreme left and the Communists , who wished to turn Portugal – to use the expression of the time – into ‘ the Cuba of Europe ’ .
I had the opportunity to visit the Sudan earlier this year , as did Mr Corrie , though not at the same time , and he led an official delegation .
In almost all cases Ireland , my own country , has failed to file the reports on transposition , application and the implementation of EU waste management directives which they are required to submit .
The outcome of the conciliation procedure , with the seven amendments , was indeed accepted by the Council without further ado , and , on the extremely important Amendment No 25 , which embodies a comprehensive compromise , I welcome the Council &apos;s draft providing for transitional measures under <unk> monitored conditions for at most four years from 1 November 2002 onwards .
This , of course , does not only apply to Greece .
The Commission proposal warrants our vote .
<unk> everyone to access the various means by which information is transmitted is crucial to the economy and to society .
It will be enlightening in the best sense of the word if there is in-depth discussion in the Member States about the purpose and substance of European integration .
What are we actually about here ?
He has had rather a <unk> of fire as a new Commissioner .
Mr President , of course , like all my fellow Members , I can only welcome your victory , which is obviously well deserved , since it has been gained through lengthy consideration and debate .
The Lisbon agenda should also include an ambitious social policy .
But that confidence is being shattered time after time .
If the report had been discussed in the evening it would have been insulting to the four million employees directly or indirectly connected with the forestry industry cluster .
This morning in the debate on the discharge , we heard that Parliament wishes to set the Commission a particularly important task in this respect , with a view to cleaning up the Commission .
In reply to the first part of the question , I would refer the honourable Member to the judgment of the Court of Justice on 30 April 1996 in <unk> No <unk> / 94 , Netherlands <unk> the Council .
I welcome the step that has been taken , but I hope that it will have serious consequences for the future .
There &apos;s a small mistake : <unk> European Union .
The new interinstitutional agreement is meant to be a sort of undertaking on the part of the three institutions to lay down the use of these instruments , which has never before been specified in any of the Treaties .
I thank him for what he said in relation to the crisis in Kosovo .
However , we find it hard to regret the lack of <unk> &apos; in transposing Community law , and in particular we feel that the lack of flexibility that has been shown by the EU is <unk> contempt .
I think that it would be appropriate at this time for Parliament to express an opinion on this situation which is characterised by what you , yourself , rightly termed the initial <unk> &apos; and also by this military repression , of a quite <unk> of violence , which has already led to the deaths of about 40 people , including children , in conditions which each of us has been able to observe on the television .
– Madam President , one of the great <unk> of Athens , <unk> , said , &apos; money is the root of everything &apos; .
You cannot treat our Committee this way .
I am proud to be all of these .
This is a broadcasting directive and it ought to deal with matters which are specific to broadcasting , that is , things offered by broadcasters through the television set , but no more .
Madam President , speaking both for myself and , of course , on behalf of the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance , I wish to concur with your demand that the second report of the Wise Men be made available to all MEPs before 30 August , i. e. before the hearings with the new Commission begin .
Mr President , Mr <unk> , Mr Frattini , you have just reminded us of the need to respond to the threat of terrorism whilst , of course , still protecting citizens ’ rights , and , whatever our <unk> of Europe , I think that the time has come , in the next four months , to show that the executive and the legislature will move forward together , and will not go down any other route .
.
– Mr President , on 10 October 2003 , the World Day Against the <unk> <unk> , I adopted a public declaration on behalf of the European Union which clearly stated : ‘ The European Union calls upon countries that have not yet abolished the death penalty to at least introduce a moratorium as a first step towards complete abolition . ’ I think everybody has to recognize that , at the end of the day , if we are to have more fish , to give more quotas to fishermen , then the only way we can do that is to accept the hard decisions in the short term .
Nevertheless , there are far-reaching problems .
The European Community &apos;s efforts to fight HIV / AIDS in Africa are financed by the European Development Fund and the budget of the European Community .
It is in practice pointless to initiate a case on the other side of a frontier because of the costs and the time taken .
The assessment of the <unk> and possible deficiencies of this process certainly provides points for discussion and I will try to comment on some of these .
This status , granted by a working residence permit , is the subject of the Terrón i Cusí report that we adopted in plenary last February .
Of the <unk> million people working on farms in the EU , <unk> million are women .
This has now been included in paragraph 18 of the resolution : an agreement could ensure that industries investing in the countries of Central and Eastern Europe already respect the European Union &apos;s environmental legislation .
Concerning the requirement in the amendment to present a report on experience with the directive , the Commission considers that the aim of the amendment could be achieved by making available to Parliament the report it is required to produce under Article 18 ( 3 ) .
Applause <unk> transportation , loading and unloading , <unk> : a lot of this is rather far from actual practice , and for that reason , I would like to suggest here that we should advocate practicable solutions , and you really ought to heed the practical experience of our farming colleagues .
.
Yet I refuse to give up hope because in life there is always room to act and to change things .
We feel that this element is too weak in the current proposals .
In the Amsterdam Treaty , justice and home affairs are <unk> .
Many were frozen in <unk> by the standstill budgets of the past two years .
The financial allocations for continental production are being increased again , while those for Mediterranean production remain frozen .
I , like other speakers , would also like to pay special tribute to the marvellous chain of emergency aid workers , both professional and voluntary , that was put together in Toulouse and , in particular , to the enormous dignity shown by the people of Toulouse in these extremely difficult circumstances .
There will be tougher penalties for those engaged in human trafficking and other forms of financial exploitation of immigrants , and the Member States will work in closer cooperation with Europol to counter the work of crime networks .
- ( FR ) The solemn declaration of the first <unk> summit in Cairo opens by stating , and I quote : &quot; Over the centuries , ties have existed between Africa and Europe ... developed on the basis of shared values of strengthening representative and participatory democracy &quot; .
Mr President , can my presence in the Chamber be noted .
On that basis , the Commission simply cannot avoid maintaining its proposal that the compensatory payments for arable crops should be reduced .
I hope that ultimately reconstruction and , not least , the return of refugees in Bosnia and Herzegovina will benefit from the results of this debate .
There was no regional or structural policy .
The stocks will be deemed to have recovered whenever , for two <unk> years , science indicates that quantities of mature fish have been in excess of defined levels .
Why am I worried ?
Using children as soldiers is a violation of their human rights and <unk> them of their <unk> and the chance for education and building a better future as a result .
The next item is the joint debate on three reports : Current social mobilisation calls for another type of summit , to bring together the efforts to ensure the establishment of a high quality European public service that responds to the fundamental needs of the peoples .
Parliament should therefore not adopt anything that would constitute an obstacle to the accession option ; it follows that several motions that have been tabled should not be allowed to pass .
Since then , this situation has been turned on its head .
Allow me briefly to remind you of the background .
Against this backdrop , I find the <unk> report very positive .
I will spare you the details , but I have heard that <unk> of the same kind have occurred several times since then involving other cars , even last week .
.
I would therefore ask you to accept this objection which I am making today as chairman of the committee .
In the first place , this report gives no precise analysis of the liberalisation of air traffic .
What action does the Council plan to take to investigate these allegations and , if Member States are found to be responsible for such breaches , is the Council prepared to take action under Article 7 of the Treaty on European Union and suspend certain membership rights of those states ?
I do not think that <unk> a question that we will have to face up to sooner or later is a good idea .
Without allowing the cosmetics industry to delay eliminating its animal <unk> practices , the proposal for a directive allows exceptions for very specific tests and for a maximum period of ten years .
The fact that this need is recognized is reflected in Article 129 of the Maastricht Treaty .
As we have already told you , we think that it is much better , on the subject of the definition of policies , to speak of a solution by means of a Commission declaration to the Council rather than a modification of the decision .
Unless <unk> are to be given meaningful work to do , they will quickly become regarded as pointless <unk> .
The critics also lose sight of , or choose to ignore , the series of major reforms which the CAP has undergone over the past decade , <unk> in this year &apos;s Luxembourg accord .
We owe it to his tenacity and his great powers of persuasion that we can justifiably say that the logic of a policy of mere <unk> <unk> confined to the poorest has not carried the day .
In particular , I think that the Mediterranean deserves adequate financial help .
I believe we have to be aware of the fact that what , right now , is the driving force in the European Union and in the work on developing and modernising our society is competition .
Small neighbourhood shops are part of the communities they serve .
What is at issue is learning to truly live together , rather than merely <unk> .
The issue of land use was outside the scope of that report .
Mr President , Commissioner , I would like , in this debate , to stress what I consider to be important and what has not yet been said : the European Commission must lead the research and development activities of the new innovative services , so that we can place Europe in a position of technological leadership on a pan-European scale .
I am glad that France and Germany in particular are currently making special efforts , including bilateral contacts , at coming to an understanding on this fundamental issue .
What is outrageous is that , not even in a hazardous situation , is Parliament able to decide in which location we should meet .
The Swedish regulations on cadmium , <unk> compounds , <unk> and <unk> are valid .
The German Government deserves our support for its commitment .
There are signs that some people seem to think that my position in the Azores was more important than having this resolution passed .
<unk> out the speech too quickly compromises its translation and makes it impossible to understand the speech itself .
<unk> the exclusion of substances regulated elsewhere or not presenting any potential risk ; Madam President , this is the second time that Mr Poettering , who has been absent from the Conference of Presidents more often than I have , has <unk> me for not being there on Thursday .
These offer farmers in many regions great potential for viable alternative crops while , at the same time , having a positive effect on the environment .
We know that in many areas there has been failure , not least in the commitment to ensure that everyone would have access to clean water by the year 2000 .
From annual reports and surveys , we know that , in 2001 , the Schengen Information System ’ s database contained more than ten million individual pieces of information .
– Madam President , Commissioner de Palacio , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to offer the rapporteur my most sincere congratulations and also my thanks .
This cooperation is needed because it involves our credibility in the eyes of the citizens of Europe who have put their trust in us .
Then Mr Barroso tells us he wants to be an honest broker .
I will end , Mr President , by saying that we support the joint resolution presented today as a joint compromise amongst the different political groups putting their signature to it , which has meant everybody giving ground for the sake of consensus .
We must now wait for a clear Turkish response , and that will demand a lot of patience on Europe &apos; s part .
I would particularly call on the Austrian Presidency to show leadership by finally removing the confusion that has come about and to give the emergence of a new treaty framework a shot in the arm .
A project of this kind can only succeed through debt relief , which cannot be reduced to a process that is merely full of good intentions , as recommended by the G7 countries , whose contribution represents no more than 1 % of Third World debt and which is today limited in practice to partial debt relief for just three or four countries .
Another important point concerns the European Parliament &apos;s proposals on tackling emergency situations , including acts of terrorism , and a satisfactory compromise has been reached with the Council on this point .
The debate is closed .
I therefore hope that Parliament will adopt the amendment in question which I have tabled on behalf of my group , and I would also thank the rapporteur for her positive comments on this just now .
I believe that this can be avoided .
Mr President , the report by Mr Dimitrakopoulos and Mr Leinen does not take adequate account of the fact that the European Union is fast taking on pan-European proportions .
So it would be very harmful if we were finally to abandon our permanent or mobile border checks , even at the internal borders .
Since the oil crisis in the <unk> is has approximately <unk> .
That means that the consumer has been <unk> .
( Parliament adopted the resolution ) I belong to the group of people who regret this .
First of all , the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection is not at all happy about the common position insofar as it deals with derogations .
It strikes us as healthy , and indeed vital , that such objections should be openly expressed , which does not exclude the possibility of mutual respect or even , if need be , the expression of <unk> views over and above political divisions .
We should say NO to the Amsterdam Treaty and NO to drugs .
If we wish , however , to retain the public ’ s faith in the single market , we must stem the <unk> of investment and the loss of jobs .
Recent history in Central Africa was dreadful but what is happening there today is no less so , and what makes events there even more scandalous is the incomprehensible attitude of the United Nations .
It was therefore a matter of urgency to strengthen Directive 83 / <unk> / EEC on the protection of workers from the risks related to exposure to asbestos at work .
There is a steady increase in the number of <unk> families , sometimes with a change of partner who may or may not take on the role of father or mother .
I say that because Hamas terrorism is not the only terrorism in the world .
I want to salute the speech she made .
In response to the EP &apos;s inquiry into the BSE crisis , the President of the European Commission , Mr Jacques Santer , in the presence of 11 other Commissioners , implicitly conceded that there was much wrong with the system which should be reformed .
Naturally , the governments of poor countries are delighted to receive large sums of money for allowing large-scale fishing in their waters .
At one of the meetings of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , he said that the millennium problem was not really all that serious .
That is why it is urgently necessary for the Commission , for us as Parliament , but also for the governments of the Member States to point out where the real threat lies .
This is due in part to different vehicles being susceptible to different types of accidents , which affect them in different ways .
Secondly , the Commission expresses concern about the distortions in competition which could be caused by diversity in social security systems , since companies in countries where social protection is generous might be put at a disadvantage .
Iran cannot blackmail us – that , I believe , is important – but , on the other hand , we should – as the President-in-Office of the Council has said – do everything possible to get it to defer any further developments until such time as negotiations have produced other possibilities .
I want to thank all Members who signed it , even if at times they felt <unk> by our enthusiasm and <unk> attempts at persuasion .
There are many things which still trouble us .
Funding must be provided by public agencies within the framework of research activity programmes which will support both basic research and applications , the final purpose of which should be to improve the quality of life for all mankind and not <unk> the <unk> of the monopolies .
The second is the way that they are formulated appears to be liberal but actually results in further constraints .
( <unk> / 2003 ) by <unk> <unk> , on behalf of the ELDR Group , on Georgia : presidential and parliamentary elections ; The debate is closed .
We are friends of Egypt .
I should once again like to urge the Commission to offer financial support to Senegal as soon as possible so that the parents and <unk> of <unk> and <unk> , and the relatives of the other victims , no longer have to live with the anxiety and can bid <unk> to their loved ones in a dignified manner .
I am the first to acknowledge that we have a great deal to do to improve our performance .
In this way , in a few months , almost 10 % of European consumption was withdrawn from the market .
What is depressing , however , is the fact that there is any need at all for a special preference system for the poor countries and the fact that the consequences of Europe ’ s general trade policy are such that , in order to sleep well at night , we have to make exceptions to it for the sake of the poor .
Estonia is already part of the first wave but has it made sufficient progress in the treatment of its <unk> minority and is Latvia not now <unk> Estonia in this respect ?
I am afraid Mrs Wallström seems to be paying more attention to Mr Barón Crespo than to you , Mr Fatuzzo .
Ladies and gentlemen , you need to know that there are two clear policies in the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party .
Surely Russia will accuse the European Union of double standards when we rightly demand that they punish those guilty of atrocities in Chechnya whilst we in the EU are giving harbour to these individuals who support terrorist action .
That is also why there has <unk> to be included on food product labels information on products derived from genetically modified organisms .
<unk> on the proposal for a Council directive amending Directive 77 / <unk> / EEC with a view to simplifying value added tax obligations ( COM ( 2004 ) <unk> – <unk> / 2005 – 2004 / <unk> ( CNS ) ) ; There is clearly a link between the increase in attacks in India and the fact that the <unk> , an extremist <unk> nationalist party , has come to power .
The proposed changes arising out of the Intergovernmental Conference should provide a good reason for again asking the French people whether they are willing to <unk> the most important aspects of French economic policy to supranational bodies .
It would make sense to attempt to define <unk> levels in terms of probability by <unk> substances to different groups on the basis of tonnage if they all posed the same threat , yet this is by no means the case .
We are prepared to discuss it one way or the other .
Let us manage to find once more this spirit of adventure which up until now , unfortunately , has been so <unk> lacking .
Will they also be asked for certificates ?
The Presidency immediately took a stance on the events in Belarus , and issued a statement on the subject as early as Monday , 20 March , at the General Affairs Council .
Are we to close our eyes to the fact that a dictatorship – China – is threatening one of the foremost democracies in the Far East , namely Taiwan ?
Let me add a further comment on this .
<unk> on what we have heard during this process , we are confident that , if successfully worked out , the agreement between the European Union and South Africa will be of benefit not only to both parties , but also to many others that have strong economic ties with South Africa .
I am therefore pleased with Mrs Berès &apos; report .
It proposes that each Member State set up a user committee to oversee implementation of the directive in each airport affected but there is no provision for workers in <unk> services to be represented at that committee .
I take it as read that the plenary is happy that this technical correction should be made by the responsible Committee .
Furthermore , fishing possibilities for EU vessels have been decreased on sensitive stocks and technical measures including a <unk> biological rest period have been agreed to give more protection to fish stocks and to minimise the risk of competition with the artisanal fleet .
Was the Cologne European Council meeting a step forward ?
We will have an opportunity to discuss this in greater detail when we come to consider the proposal for the Framework Programme .
Obviously , international legal rules will need to be adhered to .
Before opening the debate , I have a statement to make .
<unk> in the area of criminal law is not that easy .
To show that we are not carrying out a commercial activity here , we have tabled a joint amendment .
There is a second reason why we should do this .
We know , of course , how worried Greece is about this area ; we therefore wonder , for example , if it would support the creation of a unit of European <unk> , a <unk> <unk> &apos; force to organise the volunteers , which was so sorely lacking in Galicia .
The compromise proposed by the President of the General Assembly , Mr <unk> , will not be perfect , but it is a good one .
By the time that happens there will not be a European civil aviation industry left to put on that level playing field !
It is , of course , a good thing that this extension should be proposed , and we support it , but we do find it a bit dramatic to introduce a measure of this kind less than 30 days before the deadline arrives and the successor enters into effect .
Members will also recall that last year &apos;s report on leghold <unk> by Carlos <unk> , which called for their banning , was supported by a huge majority in this House .
For instance , in the Federal Republic of Germany , we have <unk> 15 which allows for <unk> on a legal basis .
Parliament &apos;s report sets great store by the need to bring funding into line with the objectives of the White Paper and the creation of the learning society .
I understand the difficulties and the reluctance that is felt on occasion , but for my part , it is very important to be able to say that we have completed , within the timeframe stipulated by the Treaty of Amsterdam , the first phase of legislative instruments in the area of asylum in order to be able to pave the way for the full implementation of the Treaty of Nice , including the integration , subject to qualified majority , of a common European asylum system .
And on institutional issues , our effort should concentrate essentially on the maintenance of the balance between the States and the institutions .
And yet there is uncertainty and scepticism among the people .
We also want to remove legal barriers which prevent the extradition of suspected criminals accused of money laundering or other related offences involving illicit funds .
One of these realities is the accession on the first of May of the ten to the Union ’ s institutions , in other words , a big step towards the <unk> of Europe .
We expect that the process of collecting and analysing data and the presentation of the final report will be completed by September 2003 .
The next item is the debate on the Council and Commission statements on the preparation of the Brussels European Council on 4 and 5 November .
Yesterday in the Council we also discussed the issue of compensation for farmers .
After all , with its mass <unk> policy , the Socialist Government in Spain is responsible for the dreadful events around the Spanish <unk> in Morocco and it has to be said , in all honesty , that both countries ’ immigration policies have failed .
Mr President , this is indeed a significant agreement .
Is the reason bureaucracy or is it because insufficient notice has been taken of interregional differences , long distances , <unk> that are too cold or too hot , <unk> populations and <unk> conditions ?
Secondly , we must continue to exert pressure on the Taliban regime so that it ceases its systematic crimes against human rights .
One of the most marked differences between Italy &apos;s situation and that of its main partners is the extent and persistence of regional disparities .
The <unk> of January is a date which will be <unk> in the memory of the Colombian people but , regrettably , for the wrong reasons .
We now have a framework programme , the first of its type for the cultural sector , and this programme makes it possible for us to plan our action from a new perspective and to work to promote culture in a more comprehensive , but also more thorough and detailed manner .
The Commission &apos;s refusal to approve the <unk> / <unk> television project hit a particularly close friend and political supporter of <unk> Kohl .
That has applied in the cases of the <unk> and Steel Union , agricultural policy , the internal market and Economic and Monetary Union .
Sinn Féin believes that the EU through its member states must play a greater role in conflict prevention and resolution and in promoting dialogue and negotiation as an alternative to military intervention .
We are not alone in our criticism .
On behalf of the TDI Group , I should like to take the opportunity afforded by <unk> Di <unk> &apos; s report on mutual assistance in criminal matters to refer to a case which is a tragic illustration of the way crime is <unk> security in Europe .
It should be possible to reach an outcome which meets the concerns of all , perhaps through some adjustment of the population and the Member State thresholds .
Lastly , Madam President , shortly before this gathering in Parliament , Mrs Bonino and I had the opportunity of talking to Mr <unk> <unk> , who is in fact here in the chamber .
But LIFE has special goals of its own .
– Mr President , the next item on the agenda is the oral question on the liberal professions .
Although the government is working on changes , it cannot do much more than what circumstances permit .
We entirely support the guidelines set out in this report for giving the industry a lasting chance of success .
Security , energy , immigration , the environment and human rights require vision and political dialogue , as well as specific institutions in order to be able to make progress together .
The new President-in-Office of the Council has said that he would not tolerate having any members of the IRA / Sinn <unk> in the Dublin Government , but insists that we tolerate them if we are to have a government in Northern Ireland as part of the United Kingdom .
Who is to convey this message ?
On issues such as the unification of quality standards , the mutual and automatic recognition of qualifications , the convergence of degrees and programmes and the employment of <unk> , the achievement of a European dimension , and the objectives set for 2010 in general , are almost as far away as they were on the day following the end of the Bologna process , more than three years ago now .
Mr President , we have referred this report to the committee .
Both these instruments are necessary in the fight against organized crime .
Mr Brinkhorst mentioned Article <unk> , which is indeed something of a mess .
I think it would be symbolic and possibly helpful if you were to assent to such a request .
Thousands of civilians have been arrested and detained without trial .
Ladies and gentlemen , as Minister Michel said when he spoke before the European Parliament &apos; s Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Security and Defence Policy on 28 August 2001 , there has , in recent months , been an escalation of violence in the Middle East .
One of the most effective measures in the fight against terrorism is in fact the European arrest warrant , which would mean that terrorists served their sentences in the country where they committed their most <unk> crime .
Naturally I have an open mind about the extent to which such measures can be more fully incorporated into the final proposal for reform in the year 2000 .
That would be an important step , and sometimes people slip up in this area , as the <unk> you have just given us demonstrate .
Three quarters of the world &apos;s <unk> was produced in Afghanistan last year .
It appears to me that Parliament is going to make a worthwhile contribution today in confronting a violent situation in the streets of Europe which is a worry to us all .
It has caused the Commission and the Council to halt the approval of GMOs and has caused this Parliament to work for nearly three years on replacing it .
A swift decision is therefore needed by the SIS centre on the location , if possible the definitive location .
One of the European Union ’ s fundamental principles is partnership , and yet this is the principle that is most frequently overlooked .
Question No 2 by Hans <unk> ( <unk> / 97 ) The Milosevic regime is also stepping up the repression of Serbia &apos; s own opposition .
We do not play at political <unk> in this House : we are concerned with fairness at international level and with concrete statements on this issue consistently defined by the Council over a period of time , and which the European Commission has also followed carefully , attentively and <unk> .
As has already been said , the results regarding passive safety were <unk> .
However , I do not want a procedural error – one that was obviously made in the secretariat – to compromise this important position .
What the fishermen are asking is that the Commission responds to them in a more positive way than it has in the past .
It declined to do so , whereupon this House in any case rejected the proposal by over 500 votes .
And it might be said that even now we are experiencing confrontation between the European Parliament , the Commission and the Council on an issue which I consider to be highly sensitive and delicate .
Since we cannot , apparently , take the issue to the WTO , it is essential that in the context of the overall partnership between the United States and Europe , the European Union should be able to protect those legitimate interests which will , in the long term , work to the benefit of both the American and the European airlines .
But there is always a cost , and if you ask those operators to bear additional costs today you are going to slow down the distribution of the product ; people who cannot afford to pay for a mobile <unk> today will never be able to afford it .
Mr President , the declarations on employment from the European Union Summit meetings are continuing at a steady pace .
The disease figures show this very clearly .
There is much that is good in what we must decide on today .
I have allowed them in the <unk> order in which they were requested .
I would say to the Commissioner that if we do not do something to help the production work during the expiry of the patents , what we will have is the expiry of the patients who might otherwise benefit from having these cheaper drugs so produced .
I will not press the issue : our convictions on this matter are well known .
The important thing , however , is that the competent European authorities take appropriate action when Community law is broken .
Instead , then , of deleting the reference to capacity , which is necessary to scientific analysis , we want to improve the reference by , for example , <unk> the classes of vessels , which can be <unk> by reference to gross registered tonnage .
Enlargement can , and should , take place and we must work to ensure that this objective is achieved on 31 December of this year .
Some of you witnessed the progress of the negotiations in situ .
Consequently , I must stress the need for continual and constant communication between the Council and the Commission and those three Member States , which just recently , only ten days ago , established a tripartite military force precisely so that those countries , which are directly affected by what happens in Kosovo , will be able to deal with any consequences of the situation .
I should like to ask you to give us some idea about the future in your reply .
The proposal from the Group of <unk> for a Europe of Nations is simple and definite : we should decrease the benefits of relocation by decreasing the benefits of <unk> when they are harmful to us .
At any rate , five Member States have already stated their determination to retain a strict ban on putting GMOs on the market in the future , even if the revision of the directive should be approved , and I would like to congratulate them .
That is why , with Mr <unk> ’ s backing , I have tabled an amendment along with the Group of the European People ’ s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , which , as is currently the case , makes it possible to drive a heavy goods vehicle straight away from the age of 21 .
The problem is serious and requires specific assistance from the government , local authorities and social organisations , and support for the poorest regions of the EU in particular .
The Committee on Social Affairs and Employment , for which I am rapporteur , thinks it important in this context to specify that posted workers engaged in port <unk> and in assisting shipping in port fall within the scope of the directive .
Moreover , a label of that kind would have made superfluous the whole debate we are now having about co-existence .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the proposal of the European Commission intended to make the purchasing of digital products which can be <unk> directly from the Internet by consumers resident in the Union from <unk> firms subject to VAT is a heavy blow for the development of e-commerce .
For the industrialized countries , this mandate therefore goes much further than the commitment under the convention itself , which principally sets the target of <unk> the emissions of greenhouse gases at 1990 levels in the year 2000 .
Just as I am <unk> to let Europe decide on internal arrangements for the Federal Republic of Germany , I am equally <unk> to dictate how others should organise their own country .
However , at the same time we have also underlined the Indonesian Government &apos;s responsibility to maintain law and order and to protect human rights in its territory .
Europe , the European Union and the European agricultural policy will be acceptable to its citizens only if these <unk> are addressed .
This was emphasised during the evaluation of the impact of the agreement <unk> Israel to the Fifth Framework Programme .
What is your view , Mr Dell &apos;Alba ?
It should not be allowed to continue because this kind of <unk> and harassment can be fatal and has in many instances resulted in people either taking their own lives or , through <unk> in the workplace , in others taking their lives .
.
The Commission is required to submit a situation report every six years .
But , in my opinion , it is not sufficient simply to combat these consequences .
As far as the circulation of works of art and shows is concerned , this is often related to mobility , of course .
As you know , we are also extremely concerned about Ken <unk> , who is missing .
The Commission &apos; s roles in the massive efforts to restore infrastructure and civil society in Kosovo will be of interest to the House .
Let there be no misunderstanding : I am behind the fight against terrorism in Afghanistan or anywhere else 100 % .
I myself do not fully understand why the Council rejected this proposal from the Commission , but that is exactly what happened .
I understand what Mr <unk> is saying , but we must still have some understanding for the work the Commissioner does .
However , I have a few points to make which go beyond just the agricultural pollution of waters .
We are currently looking into whether or not this is possible , and I cannot inform you of the outcome of this investigation as it has not yet been concluded .
Soon , in May , the European Commission intends to present a communication on the development of the role of human rights and democratisation in the Union &apos; s external relations .
If the discrepancies between the Member States become less pronounced , fraud and smuggling will be discouraged and will , hopefully , even <unk> altogether .
So , if we accept this <unk> , we will be referring back to the Court of Justice for interpretations , which we know in advance will be as broadly as possible in favour of Community authority .
The Community bureaucracy , the Commission bureaucracy should indicate waste management standards in a strict and binding manner .
Another key aspect of reform is the plan to prepare the <unk> and committees of the European Agency for the <unk> of <unk> <unk> for their future remits and for the enlargement of the EU .
I am aware of the gap between rhetoric and reality .
As far as the two Christian states - Georgia and Armenia - are concerned , I should firstly like to say that it is certainly right that we should develop relations with and assist Georgia , but this should not mean that we put our trust in Russia &apos;s <unk> in Georgia , Mr <unk> .
It is not appropriate to speak here about the fundamental issue .
He explained the situation in Iran to me very clearly , and so I am very pleased that people there are trying to go back to the democracy that the <unk> had installed into the country , even though he was the <unk> .
All this demands action and yet the Council and the Commission do not seem to be listening to the European Parliament which is the democratic base of all the institutions .
While I believe that President Barroso means well , I find it regrettable that neither Poland nor Slovakia has ever received such extraordinary sums of money for job creation , despite having the highest levels of unemployment in the European Union .
I myself have actively intervened personally in the Council and with the Member States to speed up this process .
I admit that one hundred per cent .
That is only right .
The problem is Mrs Roth-Behrendt &apos;s report .
It is important that we do not get into this <unk> year after year .
The first of these is the drive towards standardisation , or harmonisation , and the second is the desire to ensure respect for the principle of subsidiarity .
The June Movement regards free access to information as the very cornerstone of democracy .
The Commission &apos;s proposal for a directive adopts a rather narrow approach as regards the substances it covers .
They are <unk> , longer life expectancy , the new working models and the new family models .
We are in favour of it not giving any chance for the candidates for the <unk> to avoid such an enforced happy end .
Firstly , surely it makes sense to back up State controls by imposing a duty of proof on firms in the waste industry ?
The second vital point is that , in the energy mix that we must achieve , we must determine not just national choices but European objectives and corresponding reference indicators on energy saving and efficiency .
We stated clearly at the time that we are in favour of biotechnology and approve of the opportunities it presents , but we want to see clear , ethically based limits .
In common with most modern central banks , the European Central Bank operates mainly with an inflation target .
Furthermore , I believe that transparency is a good thing , not only in terms of the control which this House has to carry out , but it is also good in itself .
This proposal , which is currently being examined by the competent bodies of the Council , and with which we shall try to make considerable progress under our presidency , is aimed at improving the rights of all suspects and of <unk> by guaranteeing them a uniform level of protection throughout the European Union .
It is clear that Luxembourg will have to do something about energy taxes .
Mr President , I am sorry to have to bring a note of <unk> to this fine consensus .
A number of you have mentioned this aspect , including Mr <unk> , who explicitly asked what the presidency ’ s thoughts were on this .
All this should mean that we consider the issues <unk> and arrive at a political decision which goes beyond the desire to satisfy the demand for biotechnological products .
You alone , in the European Parliament , have the right to say yes or no to the accessions of ten new Member States .
That is why the Commission is particularly thankful to Parliament for its cooperation on this vital subject .
Many differences exist in terms of the interpretation of the rules , due to the lack of universal agreement on concepts such as industrial waste and hazardous waste .
And finally , one specific question to the Council in the light of the statement by the Minister : is the Council prepared to resume the informal meetings with the Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy as soon as possible , and really make the dialogue work ?
Opinions differ to too great a degree for there to be ready compromise , in the Community of Fifteen , on the boundaries of stem cell research .
There needs to be a sensible number of checks , as any legislation is futile and ineffective if its implementation is not monitored .
As these matters progress , we want to move forwards for the sake of environmental safety and quality of life in Europe and also for the sake of the health of the people who live in the areas affected .
At this point , however , I should like to say how very constructive I feel the debates in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy and in the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy proved .
A further positive element is that Italy is going to be coordinating the mission and that the other European countries participating in the mission have displayed confidence in Italy .
The Commission is trying to deal with this matter as quickly as possible but , in this regard , we also need the support of the Member States and , above all , of this Parliament .
At this point I would like to make a more critical observation on the relationship between agricultural and synthetic <unk> .
The Commission will approve a package of guidelines in keeping with the new programme for the first time in April 2003 , covering the three years up to 2006 .
A third area that I wish to focus on is the risk of creating new <unk> or new gaps between those people who have computer and electronic skills and those who do not .
Unfortunately , the results have been somewhat disappointing .
<unk> to Rule 144 , I will therefore give the floor to one speaker in favour and to one speaker against .
What is shameful today is not that nerve , but the fact that , in the twenty-first century , men and women throughout the world are still deprived of sex education , access to information and effective means of contraception enabling them to choose and schedule the number of children they have according to their own wishes and to prevent sexually transmitted diseases and AIDS .
For this reason , the Commission &apos;s proposal is very much to be welcomed .
Mr <unk> , what happened to you is totally unacceptable .
Because it bears half the cost and is responsible for inspecting the scheme , it should have a greater say .
Only by <unk> their networks can freedom and democracy be developed in the world .
But one should not believe that making it easier to set up a business would also mean improved chances of survival .
Relations between the EU and NATO will be of the greatest importance .
In political terms , we now need to examine whether the EU and its Member States have the necessary instruments to pursue the truth about what is happening on our territory and in our name and the appropriate safeguards to protect our citizens and residents .
Faced with this <unk> , we will naturally be obliged to review our common defence policy , but we should also be working toward the implementation of a new world order that allows Europe , in particular , to be increasingly engaged in the resolution of regional conflicts which , in the Middle East , in Afghanistan , and in Africa , do nothing to stem the flow of blood around the world .
My remark was just to remind you that the language we use in the Chamber should express our opinions and our political positions .
We want concrete proposals , real <unk> action which will create jobs .
In a Union where there is freedom of movement enjoyed by all the citizens , including those who act outside the law , it is important to prevent the possibility of there being penal countries .
The Member States must adopt all the measures needed to ensure that fundamental rights are respected , the protection of the citizens against terrorism and organised crime , support and compensation for victims , and to ensure the effective and equitable access of European citizens to justice .
Mr President , I really feel the time has come for European solidarity to make itself felt .
Sudan will , therefore , be able to send us its sugar , free from customs barriers , by virtue of the fact that it is a poor country .
This is an unacceptable amendment for us because it automatically <unk> the Member States , many of which have not yet ratified the STCW Convention .
It is not true that the Commission is doing nothing - quite the reverse , it is hard at work on these files .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 2006 ) by Mrs <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , on social protection and social inclusion ( 2005 / <unk> ( INI ) ) .
Madam President , Commissioner , the Commission &apos;s initiative on the reduction of methane emissions at European level is essentially correct and positive .
Suffice it to say that three Member States did not even transpose the directive into their legislation .
We can take a <unk> out of the USA &apos;s book : there anyone who has carried out voluntary service is always preferred over a person who has not .
As recent events in the French <unk> have shown , even the Union ’ s most industrialised countries have serious social imbalances , which leave whole <unk> of the population feeling marginalised .
We need laws which protect women and punish the perpetrators , whether they are husbands , <unk> or <unk> .
In line with the goals of the Lisbon and Stockholm European Councils , it is vitally important that we enable the generation of young Europeans to choose European research careers and European scientific disciplines .
We hope to see a thorough reorganisation of structures and working methods , and clarification of the distribution of powers between Parliament , the Council and the Commission is essential .
This is why I should like to table the following oral amendment , which is in line with the rapporteur &apos;s views .
Surely food manufacturers will then come along to us and say , &apos; Why must we prove that our <unk> bars are safe ? &apos;
The German public , too , are <unk> by the remarks attributed to Mr Gollnisch ; perhaps we should call upon him and the not to claim that he did not say these things , but rather to make a statement in which he would clearly <unk> himself from historical <unk> , making explicit his condemnation of fascism , his acceptance that the <unk> happened , and that the historical research available on the subject is factual .
Similarly for its part , the Union will respond to the financial needs arising from the earthquakes in Greece and Turkey and the needs in East Timor , as I mentioned earlier .
Therefore we have the legal means to protect not only increasingly <unk> sport professionals , but also the countless minors and <unk> vulnerable to doping in sport .
That should be the most important <unk> in Vietnam in recent years .
In order for all of this to take place it is fundamental , in a new type of relationship , that the European Union should , if possible , pay even greater attention to ensure that bureaucracy is not a factor of restriction and <unk> and that , with our cooperation , we achieve swift and effective results .
The European Parliament &apos;s Committee on Budgets has again confirmed that very emphatically .
If something is to be done about this , a strong , well-organised trade union movement is needed .
<unk> was generous enough to accept the amendments that came from the Socialist Group and although we recognize that it is late in coming to Parliament , we think that many of the proposals that are set out in this report can be acted on by the Commission in conjunction with the Foundation and without reference to the Council which I know has already met and considered this issue .
The UK experience , for example , is that a number of our local councils benefit greatly from the representation of first generation migrants .
He says that even in periods of economic recession the pact must be adhered to closely and I am in complete agreement with this .
I constantly had to <unk> the then Commission to <unk> this dossier out and dust it off .
Poverty is still <unk> , and not only in what is called the third world .
It is crucial that the Commission , in initiating and carrying through this proposal , should work closely with representatives of companies , trade unions and non-governmental organisations .
There are no good solutions , a fact that could be described as embarrassing .
There have been some criticisms about the blanket refusal to give access to legal opinions .
This is the future for <unk> the fleet , which is the priority aim ; and at the same time , with the funds not used for Morocco , I ask you to support a broad social programme for fishermen and for the most affected areas , with alternative economic projects to <unk> their economies .
He lacks all credibility .
Democratic elections were held in 1993 , which gave some hope for the resolution of this <unk> conflict .
The alternative , which I do not like , would be to scale down our ambitions .
If we are to have to handle issues of war and peace in the same way as issues of foreign and security policy , such democratic control is even more important than in other areas .
As Mrs Reding has stated , a step has been taken in the right direction and I hope that others will follow .
Mr President , first I all I wish to congratulate all the rapporteurs on their dedication and commitment .
<unk> budgetary policies on the basis of the different impacts they have on men and women and adjusting them accordingly serves to ensure that public budgets meet appropriate criteria in terms of fairness and <unk> .
I have no desire to call into question the ‘ one China ’ policy , but this has nothing to do with that .
This aim , based on the fundamental principle of solidarity , entails taking into consideration the specific features noted at the levels and in the models for development of the European regions .
I would like the Commission to clarify this particular matter this evening .
But I am at a loss as to why MEPs manoeuvre themselves time and again into <unk> where they either face the <unk> of being of an <unk> <unk> , or else risk becoming a <unk> stock .
Mr President , when Mr Dimas replies to the debate in a moment , I would like to ask him if he can specifically reply and give us the opinion of the Commission on Amendments <unk> , 112 and 94 and the amendments that the previous speaker has just mentioned about <unk> ?
They simply could not understand this behaviour .
I believe that , in addition to the general points that you mention , there are specific demands that must be taken on board and which I feel have been <unk> - I repeat - quite <unk> by the governments of the candidate countries .
Finally , the fourth position is that of a special , privileged partnership .
What exactly should be put into <unk> animal feeds ?
The European Parliament has supported this year ’ s <unk> by means of its resolutions and its initiatives .
This could not be achieved , however , by sacrificing a sector of our population , in this case , farmers and the rural community .
We might have been able to agree to the original text insofar as it was informed by a legitimate concern to update current legislation .
A consequence of this will be that producers become more attentive to consumers &apos; demands .
This also applies to credit derivatives , whose use has <unk> , as banks <unk> – for capital adequacy reasons – their assets onto <unk> including , incidentally , hedge funds .
Mr President , time constraints mean that I can only make a brief comment on the budget , and I am going to talk about cultural policy again , as I have done for the past five years .
This has been done .
There are three priorities in the guidelines for the administrative budget on which we now have to adopt a position .
A cap or a trading scheme can be achieved by <unk> or <unk> .
It is therefore essential that we create a genuine statute for the victims of crime , a common statute for all the Member States .
Mr President , the <unk> is difficult to solve because we have not got to the bottom of the responsibilities and complex and ambiguous mechanisms that allowed it to happen .
Parliament should also have objectives guaranteeing the right to quality housing for all , against the constant withdrawal of employment and services and re-establishing citizenship and equal rights .
The extensive explanatory note was much better .
It is very difficult to work out whether there are any facts amongst all that <unk> .
That is the message of my report .
The majority of Member States rely on energy sources of remote areas and <unk> countries , resulting in a dependency on less democratic states .
I will also make a few remarks about relations between the European Union and Russia .
It is vital that this issue of sustainable development is placed high on the political agenda .
In the short term many people are already <unk> , and for that reason a priority choice for affordable drugs now is <unk> , as is rightly argued in the resolution .
It is essential that we achieve breakthrough in the negotiations on the agricultural portfolio .
The realisation of the Doha Development Round and the way in which the Doha Development Agenda is developing are just one more example of this .
We would encourage a continuation of the open debate which has been strengthened in the course of consideration of the reports by Mr von Wogau and Mr Rapkay .
The Committee on External Economic Relations therefore recommends that whenever the Commission draws up a new external cooperation agreement the chapter on opening up trade should be systematically accompanied by a chapter regulating intellectual property for technological trade and a chapter on scientific and technological collaboration geared to general policy objectives .
But we also have another priority .
It is important that all groups in society are genuinely represented in this process , and that the necessary consultation takes place with all these groups , and that openness is actively pursued .
I propose that the word ‘ event ’ in the first line be replaced by the word ‘ anticipation ’ , and that the word ‘ ratification ’ in the second line be replaced by the word ‘ adoption ’ .
Mr President , I thought this had been a reasonably <unk> and intelligent debate , until I heard the last contribution .
– Mr President , it is with great amazement that I see that , in a debate as important as this one , the Commission is conspicuous by its absence .
It is a price not worth paying .
I fully agree , but we are not more dependent on Russian gas than Russia will be dependent on the revenues it receives from its gas .
The Commission welcomes this constructive report and supports most of the views expressed in it .
I realise that the period ahead is for you a time when new developments have to become <unk> down .
Not one line of text is devoted to the Iraqi civilians – of whom there were over 100 000 – killed in the course of the onslaught by the ‘ Coalition of the <unk> ’ .
How do officials gain promotion ?
I take the liberty of making a small point with regard to financial cooperation : the rapporteur believes that recycling is in conflict with other methods , with a different policy in relation to drugs .
It is dangerous when Europe and the Europeans like you , Mr Langen , believe we are on one of the Islands of the <unk> here and take a <unk> delight in having been spared the effects of the crises .
Our doubts concern mainly the <unk> between such a directive and legislation at sectoral level .
All political prisoners must be released or tried under due process of law .
There is a single exception .
The second important area for me is follow-up action .
I do not have enough time to talk about the lack of solutions for the problem of enlargement .
What is the current state of progress on two key issues which Parliament first raised in 1998 , namely establishing a European police <unk> and a European border police force ?
Question Time ( Commission ) <unk> / 96 by Mr La <unk> , on behalf of the ELDR Group , on the recent elections in Armenia .
This question has not been resolved .
We have discussed a lot the possibility of enlarging the clearance of accounts system for the structural funds .
However , it must also be said that the Israeli side always falls into this trap .
Turkey has taken the view that it is not ready for that association council and that is a view we must respect .
We have noted the measures taken by the Commission .
Report ( <unk> / 1999 ) by Mrs Pack , on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , on a proposal for a Council Regulation amending Regulation ( EC ) No <unk> / 1996 relating to aid for Bosnia and Herzegovina , Croatia , the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia , in particular through the setting-up of the European Agency for Reconstruction ( COM ( 1999 ) <unk> - <unk> / 1999 - 1999 / <unk> ( CNS ) ) Mr President , the <unk> proceedings surrounding the approval of the Barroso Commission seem like a long time ago .
As the previous speaker just said , there was a time when Southern <unk> or today ’ s Zimbabwe was the <unk> of a large part of Africa .
Now , the World Organisation Against <unk> <unk> us that Tunisia has appointed as president of the Summit none other than General <unk> <unk> , a former <unk> of <unk> <unk> &apos;s National Guard and former Minister for Internal Affairs , the <unk> of the national headquarters of the Special Services in Tunisia , <unk> for its use of torture in the country .
The problem is that <unk> troops have become the targets of Serbian and Albanian attacks , although <unk> is actually there to protect both of these ethnic groups .
I am referring , for example , to Austria and Sweden .
Even a totally liberalised market may possibly mean the exploitation of fish stocks beyond their ability to <unk> themselves .
They will , however , take into account new planting and the task of regulating small producers .
Secondly , there are the regulations for human rights .
The <unk> <unk> will not implement itself .
I would like to ask the Commissioner whether he believes that expectations at the Seville European Council on the question of border police were raised somewhat too high .
We agree on calling for a ban on cloning humans .
This includes bringing the EU Member States closer together in terms of living standards and opportunities in the various regions .
Nor is it acceptable that , contrary to what Parliament approved in November 1998 , the conditionality of the Cohesion Fund in relation to the stability pact is to be maintained , and that , for example , the Committee on Regional Policy should now be presenting an opinion in favour of the proposal for a regulation which envisages exactly this type of conditionality .
Many initiatives are currently being carried out , in cooperation with local NGOs .
<unk> is on the rise , nature is being exploited , society is taking backward steps , health care is being ravaged , all the warning signs are on red alert and what your college proposes is to continue along the same <unk> path .
But the <unk> of effort and the <unk> of persistence are working .
Reducing spending by hundreds of millions of euros is not , in this case , a saving , but rather a short-sighted exercise in <unk> .
Some might even go so far as to say that attacks may actually be mounted one of these days .
( FR ) Mr President , this report is vitally important .
Mr President , yesterday the President of the European Convention ended his speech by <unk> the future European <unk> : united in diversity .
Swiss citizens voted against this because they were not satisfied that choice in that sense would raise standards - it might just prove confusing .
Does the Commission accept that excessive Chinese clothing imports are causing <unk> disruption &apos; and that thousands of textile jobs could be at risk unless China limits its exports ?
What does the Commission have to say about all that ?
As people have said , it is about fundamental rights , the dignity of the individual , the respect with which each individual should be treated , and the right of individuals to participate in society .
I am convinced it will be .
Since 1997 , more than EUR 200 million have been committed to finance projects throughout Asia and Latin America in favour of <unk> people .
In addition , we must maintain the requirements - and the control of such requirements - for products coming from third countries .
That is why the term <unk> &apos; was chosen instead of schooling or education .
It is not a system which came about as a result of a free debate .
<unk> , the common position was drafted , from which the financial services were deleted .
.
For example , it was observed recently that maize imported by Portugal under this system was being sold at a lower price than Community maize .
And it would be helpful to know how their governments are going to persuade them that integration into the European Union will benefit consumers , when they will have to pay 200 to 500 % more for cigarettes under this sort of directive .
The objective must be to achieve a uniform level of protection of minors and human dignity with a view to improving the competitiveness of audiovisual , information and <unk> services in the long term .
The Commission has set 1 December as the <unk> .
Developing countries can therefore expect their market opportunities to remain .
As the report may have universal <unk> I will summarise it briefly .
The overall direction of the programme ought perhaps not to be changed , but we could nevertheless consider whether everything we are deciding right now is still relevant .
Parliament made an undertaking to urgently respond to the rehabilitation and reconstruction needs in the wake of the devastating tsunami of 26 December 2004 . .
In the same spirit , we have proposed that no discrimination should be allowed between vessels operating in the same fishing <unk>
Regarding the date of application of the new Regulation , our committee has proposed that it should be put back to 1 January 1999 for the five categories of vessel listed in Article 1 of the legislative proposal and to 1 January 2000 for other Community fishing vessels exceeding 20 metres in length ( 18 metres overall ) .
An agreement which has been described by the Commission - correctly I believe - as an agreement for the twenty-first century , a fourth generation plus agreement .
Those who see the fat volumes this consolidated legislation <unk> , and those who know that relatively <unk> educated people throughout the Union have to work with this , know that we have failed to simplify Community legislation and make it more manageable .
Perhaps it could be written in large letters that my party , the Flemish Christian People &apos;s Party ( <unk> ) , have always been in favour of this European voting right .
Personally , I had understood that was her position .
We do not want that !
In addition , it is confusing from the legal perspective , as a result of which the powers of the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg are in competition with those of the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg .
We have , for years now , been endeavouring to endow the commercial sector with European statutes of its own , yet we are evidently denying the cooperative sector , the social economy and civil society the <unk> that European law could provide .
These common criteria provide an orientation for the decisions that continue to be the responsibility of the national authorities .
None of this brings Europe &apos;s citizens one step closer to the information society .
For the rest , I believe that a good compromise has been reached in the Commission , and I should like to raise three points .
If these patents are awarded , this US company will have a monopoly on the <unk> gene and consequently on the <unk> test .
Since it is the declared aim of all politicians throughout Europe to reduce unemployment , then one must pose the critical question as to whether the policy employed is the right one or whether it would not be more appropriate to boost the competitiveness of the regions by appropriate measures such as increased support for research and development , improvements in infrastructure and raising the level of training .
I would again thank the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy and Mrs Lienemann for the good and constructive co-operation we have had on this matter .
We go through this procedure almost every year , and what we have actually learned from the experience is that the interpretation put on this flexibility has sometimes placed it under some considerable strain .
Our work has produced results aimed at making Europe safer and human rights more secure .
It is a presence that is difficult to define , may be growing and has a range of sources .
Both the General Fisheries Commission for the Mediterranean and the Scientific , Technical and Economic Committee of the Commission have underlined the poor state of some of the species in the area .
From 2020 , when all measures will be fully implemented , the effect will be a reduction of <unk> million tonnes of CO2 equivalent .
‘ <unk> the view that the <unk> conflict is <unk> the development of Armenia and Azerbaijan and regional cooperation as well as the effective implementation of the European Neighbourhood Policy as such ; calls on both parties to refrain from unilateral actions and aggressive statements and to work for settlement of the conflict in a constructive dialogue with all the forces concerned , on the basis of respect for minority rights and on the basis of the principles of international law ; ’ – that is key – ‘ emphasises the importance of continuing democratic reforms for the development of the region and its relations with the EU ; urges all parties concerned to find ways to permit the gradual return of refugees on the basis of minority rights , in particular with regard to the return of <unk> to the occupied territories ; calls on the member countries of the OSCE Minsk group to coordinate more effectively their action with the EU Special Representative for South Caucasus in order to move forward with negotiations ’ .
They advocated a change in our way of thinking and a return to a code of ethics based on precautionary action .
We in Europe certainly have a great deal to learn from the United States in terms of technological development , military might and often economic efficiency .
The amendments proposed by the Greens in the Committee on Development and Cooperation were approved , with one exception , namely our bid to change the cooperation procedure under Article <unk> of the Treaty to codecision procedure under Article <unk> .
Important , as it constitutes our first directive based on the new and strengthened provisions in Article 152 of the Treaty , and ambitious , as a crucial element in our overall health strategy .
We must take into account the advances they have achieved , even though we deplore - I understand and agree with all that was said - their countless failures to meet democratic standards .
I think we have an example here of the Commission &apos; s doing all too little in this area .
At this rate , Putin and Bush will soon have a say in our interest rate .
Mr President , I welcome our friends from Bulgaria and Romania .
I would agree with this analysis .
As regards measuring efficiency , Mrs Rothe ’ s report points out that a system with <unk> measurement provides the necessary accuracy and <unk> and can be further developed with comitology .
This way the approach is consistent for all types of information .
A reform of the rules means considerable levels of investment for our industry , so it is important that the new rules make it possible for us to achieve tangible results with regard to the protection of the environment .
Most of the amendments adopted by Parliament &apos;s Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism would , if accepted , lead to a situation where hardly anything would change .
It is not part of any internal discipline that we may ourselves have as Member States of the European Union .
Mr President , the Seattle Conference is not an invitation from the United States to the rest of the world to impose the vision of absolute and unbridled free trade .
About the promises we received of how things were going to get better for 2005 - but of course some Members forget that we are actually dealing with the accounts for 2001 and exactly how they were reflected .
We now have some good practices in place in various fields , such as the European Employment Strategy , social protection , science and research and cooperation development and - perhaps the most interesting example - in the Structural Funds .
The cosmetic involvement of the European Parliament that was decided upon is miles away from what we ourselves were demanding , namely a role in the ratification process .
It is a pity that you have said so little about this .
The directive on the protection of groundwater against pollution is now at the second reading stage .
However , I do not consider that this is appropriate .
We will also need to reflect carefully on financial assistance for the Western Balkans , in view of the next financial perspectives starting in 2007 .
This strategy seeks to establish a framework for action in which all Community activities , including economic activities and policies and employment policy , can contribute to achieving the objective of eliminating inequality and promoting equality between women and men .
I wish you every success in your work , Mr President-in-Office !
Madam President , as soon as the Amsterdam Treaty has been ratified in all Member States , it will produce new benchmarks .
What that means in practical terms is that we need , among other things , learning that accompanies life rather than learning that is lifelong – that has the ring of punishment about it – along with the promotion of mobility in employment , science and research , cross-border educational opportunities , the recognition of degrees – for many of them are not yet accepted everywhere – and access to education for all .
I should like to congratulate Mr Maaten on his important report on the implementation of an information and communication strategy on the euro and Economic and Monetary Union ( EMU ) , particularly given the need to explain to the people how the euro and the EMU benefits them in their daily lives .
Let me take the example of transparency .
This is a revision of an existing directive but , be assured , we will have to look at the overall approach and discuss this again .
Now , though , it turns out that some Member States have still not got this organised , so perhaps you might consider <unk> them before the courts .
This is indeed a Doha development round , and this time it is intended that priority be given to the developing countries , the poorest above all .
It is a question of wording .
If we look at Mozambique , for example , how long have we had to wait before real action could be taken ?
I will translate : ‘ It is the least protected economy in the world ’ .
As the <unk> Wim Duisenberg had done the groundwork for the ECB , he was ultimately given the presidency for a short time .
In implementing these objectives , I am particularly concerned - and this is an idea that we have incorporated in the report - that successful participation is guaranteed , calling for competent management and a <unk> administration on both sides .
Mr President , I welcome this resolution which aims to promote core labour standards .
There also have to be more inspections and routine monitoring to bring illegal pollution under control .
I think that this weakness is , indeed , completely relative and that we should not read too much into these fluctuations , even if they do relate to our economy .
It is also stipulated that the authorities of the Member State in which a ruling is given on actions relating to the <unk> of the marriage , divorce or separation of the <unk> shall be competent to take decisions on the exercise of parental authority over every child of both <unk> on certain specific conditions , particularly where the children have their <unk> residence in the same Member State .
I am pleased to report that many significant amendments proposed by Parliament have been accepted .
We would also like to see our markets opened up more towards developing countries , in which populations are sometimes more than 80 % dependent for their incomes on agricultural activity and the abolition of quotas and tariff restrictions on developing countries exporting to us .
Moreover , the <unk> war scene in the Caucasus offers the average Russian politician the chance par excellence to beat the popular national <unk> , especially in the run-up to the Duma elections .
I will inform Parliament of this fact tomorrow before the vote on this issue so that the vote can then be cancelled .
The European Union must only fund projects which offer the necessary guarantees and which do not prejudice any of its inhabitants .
These summits try to build a momentum - and it is important that they do so - but this momentum <unk> in because so little action is taken subsequently , as a result of which people no longer believe in the next momentum .
These are just the latest examples , so far , of shareholder value , in other words , shareholder law , and just like Michelin , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and so many others , they illustrate everything that is no longer acceptable .
The most startling aspect of her original report was that she wanted to limit aid to the small group of refugees covered by the Geneva Convention , that is to say so-called quota refugees or UN refugees .
A patient died in an <unk> on the way to hospital because it too was not allowed to pass the <unk> .
If you look at the situation today , however , you will see that very little has changed .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , Members of this House , this afternoon , with an eye towards the forthcoming European Council in Cardiff , I would like to conduct a brief survey of the current state of European integration and also raise the major political topics to be tackled at the summit in Cardiff , before outlining a few avenues we might explore for the future .
But we must remain vigilant .
I look forward to a more <unk> relationship with China in the years ahead .
The Commission has equally failed to seriously pursue the creation of a European Public Prosecutor to prosecute cases of fraud .
That is why I welcome the commitment from my own government in the United Kingdom and from the Finnish Government , as well as the recommendation of the High Level Panel of the United Nations to champion an international arms trade treaty .
As you can see , the Commission has clearly adopted a proactive attitude and will , in close collaboration with Member States , use all tools at its disposal to make greater aid effectiveness a reality .
I hope that these quite extensive comments have contributed to Parliament &apos;s understanding of the background to the Commission &apos;s decisions and , finally , I also hope that the directive can be adopted as soon as possible and above all that it will enter into force without delay .
Moreover , we feel that it is unacceptable for any change to the management and payment system to be financially detrimental to those farmers with the lowest income capacity and who receive a lower percentage of aid .
After all , it is thanks to a <unk> for freedom that the European Union exists today , as freedom provided a basis for its creation .
On the whole , there are , however , no strong arguments for implementing the far-reaching harmonisation proposed .
These the Commission does see as potentially hazardous for users , but it makes no attempt to motivate or oblige industry to develop restraint systems suited to such seats .
.
It is First World War technology with a <unk> mentality , and this needs to be dealt with by the international community .
There are in fact parties which have won 80 % of the votes cast in elections .
Mr President , my group takes a rather different view from that of the last speaker .
This House must urge the Russian Government in no uncertain terms , firstly to launch an immediate inquiry into what has happened to Mr <unk> and secondly to intervene in order to secure his release and ensure that press freedom and the rule of law are not compromised still further .
If Mr Elles would like to see a development of that argument , I commend to him next Saturday &apos;s edition of the <unk> and the review by the Commissioner for External Relations of a recent book by Will <unk> .
Through the <unk> , via <unk> , drinking contaminated water , absorption via skin from <unk> and so on , and <unk> and <unk> from pesticide <unk> .
Equally , if we are talking about road safety , what is to stop the Portuguese and Italian Governments from improving road safety on their roads ?
In Stockholm we need to focus , as we cannot manage everything at once .
I would therefore appeal to you to <unk> the European process , and let us not get tied up in vicious circles which are highly influenced by national interests .
Your question made one point I want to address , the question of possible bureaucratic obstacles to implementing the humanitarian programme .
The European Union and the Commission need to be given more money for research and other fields , therefore , to ensure that we are in a position to guarantee our own security and to form alliances whilst having independence and immunity to blackmail .
However , the Commission programme on trans-European networks does not respond to the real need for development for the benefit of the workers and grass roots , to the need to improve their standard of living or to the need for easier communication between peoples .
Decisions regarding how and when water should be distributed , and to whom , are not just made at national level , but also by local authorities , in the private sector and within the domain of civil society .
How , in these circumstances , can we talk to the citizens about accessibility and transparency with any credibility ?
It is now up to them to demonstrate who can best meet the challenge of simplifying and improving EU procedures - fighting for a common framework , whilst <unk> in the subsidiarity principle and letting the market have its say in working out standards and resolving details .
<unk> , what we are seeing , as opposed to heroin users , are people with multiple drug <unk> .
We cannot let the market impose laws and criteria that make production the <unk> and <unk> .
Mr President , at the end of 1996 the Wall Street <unk> <unk> <unk> hit the <unk> barrier .
There is still time to prevent the <unk> catastrophe with a careful strategy and targeted expenditure .
We continue to demand that the Palestinians should dismantle terrorist networks and end the armed <unk> .
It would also be useful to take on board the opinions of the African Union .
Moreover , apart from the document number entry , the users of the register can search for documents on a given subject via other <unk> of the register , such as the meeting date , the interinstitutional file number or a subject code .
Free competition is still not with us , but it is important that we agree on common safety regulations in preparation for liberalization .
All very impressive !
Even there , the <unk> of hope are <unk> .
I would also like to assure the President of the Commission that the group of signatories to the letter will continue to follow developments in this area closely and to maintain their standpoint .
The question of where the secretariat should be located needs to be given thorough consideration .
It is extremely important in our own interests that we speak with one voice .
Nevertheless , it has to be said that these will cost the Commission relatively little .
But the hard fact is that there are a number of <unk> problems and some of them have come through my own hands .
Europe &apos;s institutions are more at issue here than the men and women who run them .
The EU is acting <unk> here , given that it <unk> both the growing and the export of tobacco to the tune of one billion euros .
It will be necessary to devote more attention to such issues during future work on the sustainable development of tourism .
The reunification of Germany would not have been possible without <unk> in Poland .
As regards imported blood - Amendment No 43 - it should be specified that the criteria this amendment refers to relate to the quality and safety of the blood .
In this respect , I would like to make it absolutely clear that all accession candidates are assessed according to the Copenhagen criteria , and are all treated equally in this assessment .
In 1993 , the European Parliament drew attention to the need for aid for the structural recovery of the countries in question and , in order to deal with those needs , considered it appropriate to set in place two budget lines , intended to finance the programmes for the resettlement of southern Africa - <unk> - and measures for recovery and construction in the developing countries - <unk> - which the Council decided , on 29 January 1996 , to adopt together in the common position we are discussing , in which the Council will - I hope - pay special attention to southern Africa .
European consumers , enterprises and governments will also benefit as a result of increased productivity , higher employment and higher wages .
That means not only creating secure jobs , but also sharing out the created wealth more fairly , through social policies designed to ensure human rights , better pensions and retirement provision , quality public services in health , education , research and vocational training , social security and protection , housing and family support , paying particular attention to promoting equal rights for women and taking account of suitable environmental policies .
From the moment it transpired that senior officials had been guilty of malpractice , you should have immediately put in train a strong and powerful inquiry to <unk> the <unk> before it reached credible proportions .
The next round will take place in Beijing this autumn .
This is a country that has difficult <unk> problems to deal with at home , and is resolving them with increasing success .
I would like to compliment Mr Lage on the excellent document .
With this consideration , we urge the Commission and Mr Kinnock to move ahead with their efforts at reform .
( The sitting was suspended at 7.00 p. m. and resumed at 9.00 p. m . ) But the current EU policy is doing them a <unk> by continually holding out hopes that there are fish available for them somewhere .
The export <unk> system is extremely complex and highly open to fraud , as it does not follow the most elementary rules of transparency .
Therefore , with your permission , I would like to encourage the Commission - Mr Vitorino and Mr Lamy - to continue to support the peace process by taking a <unk> but <unk> line , supporting the legitimate interests of Palestinian producers - as Parliament has done for ten years now - and , at the same time , building on our close trade ties with Israel and its producers .
Can you confirm that ?
Last March , pursuant to our debate and the pledge that I made here in Parliament , the Spanish Ambassador to Cairo made contact with the Egyptian authorities with regard to the case of Mr <unk> <unk> and other people who are in the same situation .
I am sure that the President-in-Office of the Council is prepared to answer everything , but I must ensure that this sitting consists of questions and answers .
( Parliament adopted the joint resolution ) At the present time it is entirely up to the Member States to ensure that those rights are respected under the scrutiny of the Council of Europe &apos; s Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg .
<unk> you just now listing the various programmes for employment , training , consumers and the environment , I think there is a wide range of areas being addressed .
We will continue to follow that model for our proposals on the successor instrument to the Dublin Convention , conditions to qualify as a refugee on the basis of the Geneva Convention , and on subsidiary forms of protection .
I quote from OECD : &apos; Monetary policy will have to be used to avoid this <unk> risk .
While our universities possess many assets , it cannot be denied that they are confronted by fundamental challenges in an increasingly globalised and competitive environment .
For the European Union is like a party where everyone brings along the food they wish to eat : Britain sees it as a market , France as a policy , Italy as a <unk> , Germany as a hope and a future .
It could be much more satisfactory - in particular , a definite reference to protection for employees as a result of restructuring is missing .
As the foundations for good collaboration between the institutions have been laid , I am sure we will be successful .
Mr President , in politics , dogmas are overcome by the will of the majority and in this case I believe my fellow Members , whose speeches I heartily welcome , have made their will very clear .
The rights of diverse groups of citizens must not be allowed to overshadow universal rights , the rights of us all ; support for one group must not result in restrictions for another .
We must discuss once again the trans-European transport networks , the possibilities of financing and the steps which have to be taken .
It is vital to improve framework conditions for private research , since in it is estimated that the EU needs 700 000 new , adequately skilled researchers by 2010 if the target of 3 % of GDP investment in Research and Development ( R &#91; <unk> &#93; D ) is to be reached .
Otherwise , consumers will be misled and may even put their health at risk .
Some of you have stated – Mr Schulz did so very forcefully , as did Mr Barón Crespo – that we often have long , protracted debates about the same subjects .
As a member of the convention that has now taken up its work on the Charter of Fundamental Rights , I wish to make the following point clear : neither my group nor I are content with making a solemn announcement about the Charter .
Everything seems to imply that , in the eyes of some , it would not be good news but bad news if Dr <unk> were to state that the inspectors had been able , overall , to access all sites easily , to the point of having carried out 300 inspections in 60 days .
As they say , Mr President , there has been much ado about nothing .
I have this to say to the Heads of Governments : making concessions at the forthcoming summit is not a political defeat but a political triumph : the triumph of the new Europe over the old .
You have a chance to rebuild a Commission that can win the support of this House .
So that is very relevant to us in this House too .
I believe - though I can also give you more details personally if you wish - that the Commission has provided for a number of measures to that effect .
As you underlined yourself , Ms Kauppi , the Commission has an open attitude on this issue , provided that the competition rules are respected .
, rapporteur .
I wish them the best of luck !
Women constitute the overwhelming majority of the one billion people who are <unk> and who live in the most extreme poverty , and decisions affecting women are still made by men .
He has always stressed the importance of this report and worked hard in its favour .
And in politics , false realities produce false results .
I also wish to thank Mr Belder for a very constructive report , which we can without difficulty vote in favour of .
When a refugee crisis occurs , it is absolutely imperative that the Member States act as quickly as possible .
We have to think equally constructively about whether the global rule book that has by and large governed our affairs for the last 50 years is still valid or whether it requires some changes , how it can be reinforced and strengthened .
What has become of Europe &apos; s ambition for the South of Europe ?
We welcome the renewed efforts of President <unk> and of the <unk> to organise a new meeting between the two leaders in order encourage the implementation of the objectives of the <unk> Agreement .
I found the <unk> that appeared in the Maltese daily newspapers , announcing the sum of aid the country will receive if it <unk> the Union , to be particularly inappropriate .
Many Members of Parliament had a journey here to Strasbourg of up to fifteen hours .
To obtain clear water in the Baltic , it is crucial for us to cooperate across borders .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 99 ) by Mr Trakatellis , on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , on the proposal for a Council Regulation ( EC ) amending Regulation ( EEC ) No <unk> / 92 and fixing the premiums and guarantee thresholds for <unk> tobacco by variety group and Member State for the 1999 , 2000 and 2001 <unk> ( COM ( 98 ) <unk> - <unk> / 98-98 / <unk> ( CNS ) ) .
I wish you all a successful and an enjoyable stay here in Strasbourg .
I beg you to intervene .
The measures the Commission intends to take are set out in a letter that I have sent to the President of the European Parliament today .
Now we need this Regulation so that we can appropriately implement what was signed with the United States .
Although we warmly welcome you and your Presidency , we are still struggling to accept your political choices , and we are looking forward to the debate under your Presidency .
That is to say , there must be no exemption from punishment for those who have committed crimes covered by the jurisdiction of the Court .
Please convey the best wishes of the House to Mrs Bjerregaard .
<unk> is not just about construction .
It needs to involve real and wide consultation throughout civil society , reflecting the open culture and open politics which we claim to favour .
We shall vote against any amendments which run counter to these considerations .
As is so often the case in reports by the Committee on Women &apos; s Rights and Equal Opportunities , we have here a report including the ideological claims of the left <unk> coalition , the <unk> <unk> , in this Parliament , like the claim that measures eligible for programme funding in a transnational context should include the analysis and assessment of , I quote , &quot; the significance of a general reduction in working hours &quot; .
The next item is the debate on the report ( <unk> / 2004 ) by Mr Kuckelkorn , on behalf of the Committee on Budgets , on the 2005 budget : guidelines for <unk> II , IV , V , VI , <unk> , VIII ( A ) and VIII ( B ) and on the European Parliament &apos;s preliminary draft estimates ( Section I ) .
In order to achieve the 70 % employment target set in Lisbon , 22 million more jobs will have to be created .
The action we have taken to prevent this problem is based on three main approaches : firstly , to simplify and accelerate the administrative procedures governing infringements ; secondly , measures to train national judges so that they apply Community law more frequently and more accurately ; and , thirdly , the forthcoming adoption by the Commission of an appropriate programme , called the Schuman programme .
In other words , this report is from 1995 and we are now in March 1998 .
We then come , however , to the next phase , namely the people &apos;s support of the project by means of referendums and , in that connection , I should like to address one aspect which covers half of the population , namely women .
The European Union can actively contribute to this through the PHARE programme .
Parliament may remember that it was the Council that reduced the fees the last time .
It is also being expected to take on new responsibilities , not least in terms of health claims with regard to <unk> <unk> and so on .
We will support your efforts to <unk> Europe ’ s economy but we are not blind to the weakness of measuring economic progress only in quantitative terms .
This is an important step towards the concept of European citizenship and also a way of guaranteeing transparency and the proper functioning of the institutions of our European administration .
In my opinion , this needs to be discussed .
In conclusion , and more generally , I would remind the House that , whether it be in the developing countries or in Europe , the <unk> approach has never yet provided an effective way of combating the escalation of supply and demand for drugs .
The present <unk> Government must not allow the Khmer Rouge leaders to go <unk> for whatever reasons it may have - patriotism , perhaps .
Globalisation is a threat to cultural diversity and media pluralism .
Turkey has never , either now or in the past , expressed any territorial ambitions with regard to Iraq .
I am not prepared to compromise on this point , Commissioner .
To achieve fair competition you need binding rules , and these rules need to go further in the single market than the situation we have with the old type of international postal agreement , so to speak .
The Europe of today is no longer the <unk> <unk> capable of playing the winds of history that it was at the time of the Treaty of Rome .
.
However , I am also aware of the need for us not to dictate our standards to native peoples in other parts of the world - so the <unk> report &apos;s idea that native communities who do not use leghold <unk> can still trade with Europe , regardless of the position of their national authorities , is a sensible and fair compromise .
Bearing in mind the small amount of time available to the Danish Presidency , will you be in a position to support it in the achievement of these objectives which were very clearly set at the Seville Summit ?
If the European Community can set binding targets for reducing deficits and debt for Europe , as it does , then it should also be able to set binding targets for reducing working hours in quantity and over time , so that government action and the work of social forces are concentrated on that objective .
This implies a total change to the Turkish constitution , its penal law , its legislation on marriage , its religious legislation , and so forth .
I was working for a development cooperation organisation examining the tracks of the hurricane that had <unk> in the autumn of 1998 and <unk> myself with the situation regarding AIDS patients and conditions in the <unk> .
The vote on the reports will take place today at 11.30 a. m . This happened less than a month after the European Commission &apos;s office in Cuba was opened .
At the fifth review conference of the Convention held in Geneva last November , the US delegation was the only one of the 144 countries represented which refused to recognise the legal commitments ensuing from the Convention .
I welcome our action to support farmers , but I feel that we need to change direction , in some cases completely and in others only in part .
It mentions that the sittings from 7 p. m. onwards today and between 5.30 p. m. and 7 p. m. tomorrow are reserved for urgent meetings of parliamentary committees <unk> by you yourself , Mr President .
In this economy , the connection between different policy areas is that much more marked .
I believe it is indeed necessary to reach this compromise , so as to take this step forward , and you have certainly cited exhaustive grounds to this end .
These are only a few of the current issues relevant to the subject of today ’ s debate .
It is necessary to increase research in fields such as recycling , climatic change and ocean pollution .
For the Commission and Parliament , demographic changes represent a serious challenge .
This is the first thing that must be done .
Madam President , I would like to make a comment on the Minutes concerning the Oostlander report .
The multimedia products thus produced give easier distribution of and access to this cultural heritage , particularly for young people .
I am sure that your colleagues in the Committee on Budgets and those who take part in the <unk> will do everything they can together with us to find a line which could be acceptable for all three institutions .
Mr President , the report by my Swedish colleague , Mrs Eriksson , which we are now debating concerns a fundamental problem .
That particularly applies to the amendment to Article <unk> whereby the provision that would give industry the option of self-handling using land-based personnel would disappear from the directive .
You must also consider the following : if we were to <unk> such an idea - after all , the price of wood is not just down in the French forestry industry , for the disaster has brought it down throughout the Community - then every other Member State would be within their rights to come and ask us to approve export aid .
I do not believe that I am being naive .
As such , the proposals put forward in this report , particularly those concerning <unk> , among both public and private users , of the benefits that can be derived from saving energy , will prove to be extremely useful .
What is the directive intended to achieve ?
It is only because there are people in need that we are prepared to overlook this .
The modern slave trade in women is one form of violence I have done a lot of work on in recent years .
Mr President , Commissioner , the European Budget stands at EUR <unk> billion , which is less than the EUR <unk> billion of Spain ’ s , less than half Germany ’ s , and <unk> of the USA ’ s . Consequently it may be said that the problem of Burma continues to be a matter for concern and that it is impossible to trace any progress on the part of the authorities of that country .
I believe , for example , that the inventions of universities and the latter &apos;s opportunity to exploit these are pivotal .
But it must be pointed out that the Court of Auditors itself says that cases of fraud are few in number .
Mr President , I too would like to thank the Commission for its proposals , but I would also like to draw attention to a subject which is <unk> linked to the improvement of economic and employment policy coordination , and that is the debate , which is quite heated in some Member States , on the Stability Pact and the flexibility thereof .
Is this the management model and the model of social Europe that the Commission claims to defend , when it <unk> <unk> over the right to work and its social responsibilities ?
That policy includes positive action to be taken to improve the career prospects of women civil servants .
.
The next item is the recommendation for second reading ( <unk> / 98 ) on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , on the common position established by the Council with a view to the adoption of a Council Directive amending Directive 90 / <unk> / EEC on the contained use of genetically modified <unk> ( <unk> / <unk> / <unk> ( SYN ) ) ( Rapporteur : Mr Trakatellis ) .
I am thinking of initiatives in the framework of the Union ’ s international policy to reduce or , rather , to root out sex tourism .
On that matter , I think that it should also remain the starting point , if all are to benefit .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution ) I would like to mention the issue of research .
1999 discharge ( measures taken by Commission ) Like Mr Cohn-Bendit , I am against nuclear weapons , but I cannot understand why Israel is allowed to possess an <unk> bomb whereas Iran is not .
Subject : <unk> for the Barcelona Process The fact is that the Berlin conference did not merely call for a study ; it also made it quite plain in its concluding resolutions that 20 % was a desirable target for 2020 , and you can see that our compromise resolution expects no less than that , namely that the Commission and the Council should have that as their goal and that policies should be framed with it in mind .
Each country has to decide on the Constitution according to its own constitutional rules .
You must realise that this process needs to be accelerated .
We also cooperate with UNESCO in the areas of education , information and the fight against the illegal use of drugs .
Moreover , in the face of Commissioner Vitorino &apos; s call for greater cooperation to prevent violence , we wonder why Echelon which , with the help of Great Britain , listens in on everything that happens in Europe , did not warn us before Gothenburg and Genoa and help to prevent the violence which took place there .
It lays down criteria for research and development for four years , it has a huge budget - we hope - and it is highly regarded by the scientific community throughout the EU .
In adopting these rules , the European Union fulfils the requirements laid down in the Cartagena Protocol .
The Swedish <unk> Party &apos;s delegation to the European Parliament has voted against Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou &apos;s report on the Commission &apos;s sixth annual report on Equal Opportunities in the European Union , 2001 .
Any other decision would have been paradoxical to say the least in view of everything that has happened since December .
Lord <unk> stated in the report communicated to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe , that the progress observed in this field over the last year had been scant .
There is a subsidiarity problem because Member States are responsible for determining right holders and the Community institutions do not have a legal basis under the treaties to limit this right to legitimate <unk> .
As <unk> and the rest of you know , most of the cargo on the Prestige came from <unk> <unk> through the Gulf of Finland , one of the seas that is extremely close to me and that is now already very polluted and vulnerable .
– Commissioner , firstly let me say it is regrettable that the Commission chose the path of <unk> rather than that of negotiation , which would probably have provided a much more practical solution and might have produced a more satisfactory result .
I clearly support – and I call on my fellow Members to do the same – Mr Rack ’ s amendments , which are aimed at revising the Marco Polo II programme for the purposes of reducing the administrative formalities required for <unk> transport .
It should also be noted that this estimate represents only the value of half a year &apos;s imports into Russia and takes no account of the heaviest loss , namely that of the relevant <unk> of the Russian market , which it will be extremely difficult for Polish firms to recover in the future .
Democracy , freedom and the respect of human rights are systematically ignored and violated in Cuba .
Unfortunately , time is so short and I have gone over mine , so I cannot speak here any longer , but I will say thank you for all the support .
Furthermore I can confirm that a study covering the extent and nature of frontier work is already planned to be carried out under the <unk> auspices in 2001 .
Mr President , your report of March 2004 was a real <unk> call &apos; for Romania .
The Commission has adopted the annual report on the competitiveness of European industry which deals with structural changes .
She has managed to reconcile the different opinions across the committee , so I believe this report represents a real step forward .
This is a time of <unk> and shock .
I can assure you on behalf of the Commission that we will try to ensure that the management of the programme is as effective and efficient as possible because with a financially limited programme it is all the more important that it should be properly run .
Anyone out there who says that we are utterly <unk> in the European Parliament or that we are <unk> the mark really has no idea what Europe is worth .
Mr President , yesterday in his address the President of the Council referred to the fact that the ASEAN conference had discussed Burma for two and a half hours , which he interpreted as an encouraging sign .
I welcome the fact that the series of ‘ Christmas presents ’ given to new Member States – at the time of the Council negotiations in December only for the purpose of acquiring votes – are now being made available to the <unk> too .
Almost 40 % of subsidies went to 3 % of farmers , and 57 % of the beneficiaries received <unk> % of subsidies .
Europe must take advantage of this situation because it now has a crucial role to fulfil .
<unk> by <unk> and <unk> !
I am supposed to have said that in my view unemployment has risen .
As I announced at the <unk> meal conference , these questions will be discussed in the context of a public consultation .
I shall begin by <unk> you , Mr Trichet , on the outstanding quality of your report and on the way in which the information has been set out before us , in keeping with the rapporteur ’ s speech .
This is an important part of improving the quality of what we offer , especially from the recipients &apos; point of view .
Very well , Mr Falconer .
In Portugal and Greece , there are as many as <unk> and <unk> deaths per million , whilst at the lowest end of the spectrum , there are 60 and 61 deaths per million in Sweden in the UK , respectively .
We have given you a clear message .
At the meeting of 20 June 2001 , the Commission decided to set part of the procedure laid down in Article 88 ( 2 ) of the EC Treaty in motion , with regard to aid allegedly granted by the public authorities to the theme <unk> <unk> <unk> &apos; .
But first I put the question whether the Commission can be released from its political responsibility .
Each Member State has come with its demands , and we have seen , as we often do , a kind of trading in which everybody has taken the credit , without at the end of the day achieving European added value or the real prospect of a tool for growth and employment .
In fruitful cooperation with my own coordinator , Mr <unk> , I have once again explained our true intentions in Amendment No 2 .
We have held many debates , and the Commission and the Council have always had our full support .
Mr President-in-Office , do you believe that the European Union can frame a defence policy that would be independent of NATO , or will all the new arrangements be in harmony with NATO &apos; s basic structures ?
<unk> <unk> and fear , hundreds of thousands of Ukrainian citizens are demonstrating their demand for change , with calm determination .
I have some photographs here of the <unk> caused by this intensive farming and I do not think that any European consumer would be willing to eat these birds ; it is just that they do not know about it .
Were the Charter to become binding , a phrase such as this would put extreme limitations upon the sovereignty of States .
That is all very generous .
In this irreversible process , though , demands are made of both sides .
That is because training systems differ , the degree to which people are affected varies widely in the various regions of the European Union and , of course , the national judicial systems have very different definitions of what they expect from individual professional groups , be they judges , public prosecutors , lawyers etc .
Should the Scottish authorities consider assistance to the area to be a top priority , the Commission along with the local partners is ready to take into consideration any type of environmental management scheme which would <unk> the adverse impact of these <unk> and ensure long-term sustainability while supporting economic development .
Today , the debate is <unk> , but no less important .
It is a breath of fresh air which could , if used wisely , <unk> the rest of Europe economically , socially , culturally and , of course , politically .
The current negotiating approach based on requests and offers has not yielded satisfactory results .
The transition towards democracy is fully supported by the newly formed political parties and by civil society and there seems to be , at least in principle , agreement to allow the return of refugees from neighbouring countries to which they had <unk> , justifiably <unk> for their safety .
How could Europe fail to play a leading role in each of these areas ?
Commissioner , Mr President-in-Office , my problem is , though , that this is not just about combating terrorist organisations .
I accordingly voted to end this practice .
This morning , at the beginning of the sitting , a Member , by virtue of a very broad interpretation of Rule 126 - as is often the case - made a <unk> speech about Mrs Fontaine .
We have saved time .
We must therefore prepare ourselves , ladies and gentlemen , to ask the real questions that remain in the course of the forthcoming European election campaign .
We have to continue our efforts to create a competitive environment in the world &apos;s markets , to strengthen our instruments for facilitating market access in third countries .
It is better than what you have usually come up with .
This emphasised the importance of peaceful co-existence among the various religious communities in our countries and stated that the important thing now is to stand side by side and ensure that our ongoing discussions , which have proved valuable in practice , are also <unk> visible .
Prevention can and must continue to be the highest priority in activities which might affect the environment .
I agree with the rapporteur that it is not the time to make drastic changes .
Madam President , I was astonished to read in the press the outcome of the negotiations by the Conference of Presidents to decide the winner of the Sakharov Prize .
The single currency is the <unk> of economic and monetary union , the essential basis of economic union is a properly functioning single market , and a well-functioning single market demands proper coordination of fiscal policies .
It seems to me that a small <unk> farm , for example , which we could take as a base for rural development , etc . , is greatly endangered by the new movement that is occurring at the moment .
I shall not labour this point , since the Bullmann report has mentioned it , as has Commissioner Solbes .
In particular , the recognition of employees &apos; rights is a significant improvement on the original proposal .
The joint resolution demonstrates that the European Parliament is politically mature , capable of reaching political agreement based on a broad consensus , and sending a clear signal to the Ukrainian people .
Very few questions have been answered .
I listened carefully to what other colleagues said with regard to the issue of a moratorium .
This formula will bring greater continuity to the Council &apos;s work and put the Presidency in the hands of persons who enjoy the full confidence of their <unk> .
I hope that this is not yet the case but you are in danger and putting us in danger of <unk> and not being believed .
If it is merely a description , then its results can be easily <unk> at .
The determination of all the EU institutions to implement the Single Market action plan is a major step .
Mr Poettering made it quite clear that the forthcoming election campaign in the United States is likely to result in the United States becoming <unk> , if I may resort to an English term .
The Social Democrats are divided , I make no bones about the fact , as to how to deal with <unk> of under <unk> <unk> .
Mr President , I will start with the final part of the supplementary question .
Member States should be looking at whether their social security systems operate to allow people to go through training and to take up educational possibilities , or whether they in fact <unk> them because these people have to be ready for work at any moment .
Mr President , the reports by Mrs <unk> and Mr Brok on the transparency of the European institutions and the way the Commission President is elected could not have been presented at a better time .
If it is useless and indeed meaningless to apply unit pricing to certain areas of goods , then why not allow the Commission the original text covered by Recital 7 ?
Is the Commission prepared to commit itself to establishing specific deadlines for completing the outstanding projects and , subsequently , also to ensure that these deadlines are met ?
We should ensure that they complement one another with a view to sustainable rural development in the human interest , and the creation of jobs .
We would remind the House that the Schengen Information System started up in 1995 , well before 11 September 2001 .
We must not forget that the foundations we will be laying down over the coming five years will determine not only the <unk> of 450 million people , but also those of their children and grandchildren .
The third aspect concerns the future .
Madam President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr President of the Commission , I would first of all like to thank Prime Minister <unk> , the President-in-Office , who has taken two initiatives .
At a time when Europe – and each of its 25 Member States – is just as likely as any other part of the world to be a victim of terrorism , it is important that in placing emphasis on the area of freedom , security and justice we do not separate the requirement to treat immigrants <unk> from the overriding need to ensure that the Union ’ s borders are secure .
Mr <unk> is to be <unk> for having obtained the support of Parliament for <unk> derivatives .
These <unk> payments will fall due next year , in the 2002 budget , and will , of course , have to be provided for , just as a decision has still to be made on expenditure arising from the BSE crisis , in the form of a second package of measures to combat the effects of that crisis .
I believe that this is an extremely positive fact which must be <unk> with approval .
That is no reason to be unilateral .
This report makes this and a number of other points well .
Finally , I think it would be helpful if I responded to something Mrs <unk> said in her speech .
We have to vote first on Amendment 4 by the Verts / ALE Group and then on the oral amendment by Mr Purvis to take the original paragraph 26 also as an addition to paragraph 25 .
What plans does the Commission have to reduce the number of new cancer cases over the next 10 years ?
Under no circumstances do we want the development of the application of the CFP to lead to the role of regional administrations being strengthened to the detriment of the role of national administrations .
The calls for safety , the protection of workers , quality of service and , of course , respect for the environment , are appropriate and vital .
Mr President , the proposal seeks to coordinate the legislations of the Member States with the aim of creating imperative rules which must be respected by companies which transfer their workers to another Member State of the Union .
We need to find penalties and punish offenders .
I find it impossible to explain to , for example , a <unk> old lady who has become disabled , that she will lose her disability pension in Belgium and will not qualify for <unk> pension in the Netherlands until she reaches the age of 65 .
When does the Commissioner intend to produce draft directives to make animal <unk> safe , that is to say the breeding of animals , how we treat the animals we eat , how we transport them to <unk> etc . ?
It is regrettable that we have had to wait so long , because the directive on chemical agents is an important part of a large collection of legislation .
But at the moment they are far too high , and that is not acceptable .
By increasing the rate of Community funding for this type of section , the Commission wishes to apply a <unk> effect in order to promote the implementation of these projects .
The <unk> approach , as developed by the OSCE , is another effective way of consolidating the Roma ’ s position .
I should like , moreover , to emphasise - for my fellow MEPs may well not be aware of this - that Mr Andreasen , who gave the Prime Minister his unconditional endorsement , is certainly no <unk> when it comes to <unk> .
I voted against all the amendments .
I welcome this report on the accession of Turkey .
The Commission will take full account of your report when it examines this issue between now and the end of this year .
I want definitely to <unk> notions to the effect that the European Union is trying to hide behind other countries when it comes to combating violations of human rights in China .
I give the floor to Mr Santer , President of the Commission .
Having dedicated my life to the use of weapons , I know that force is in itself neutral , and that it is the way it is used that can be good or bad .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it gives me great pleasure to be here today to report on the outcome of the Amsterdam European Council and on the action we have taken during our presidency to develop the main items on the agenda which we discussed with you six months ago .
However , I repeat that the procedure has been initiated in accordance with the rules laid down in the Treaty .
Point number 3 concerns really effective disciplinary procedures .
Well , our Amendment No 19 , which referred to paragraph 8 , sixth indent , had two objectives : one , to add the words &apos;more rigorous use &apos; ; the other , to delete part of the text .
SMEs in Europe are still short of capital .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , if our neighbour &apos; s roof is <unk> , we can lend him <unk> and <unk> to collect the water , but it is , of course , more effective to help him <unk> the <unk> in the roof .
The Commission proposal for an action programme to promote bodies active in the field of culture became necessary when we switched to an <unk> budget .
This is most certainly the case for all legislation related to food safety , either directly or indirectly .
<unk> political dialogue is again taking place at all levels .
I think that each and every country is fully aware of the scale of the problems confronting us , with or without Maastricht .
The task of reconciling these ideals becomes <unk> if it is misused for deregulation , as is the case here .
In addition to the extremely high cost of such a proposal , the cumbersome nature of its management may cause some administrations to use its complexities as a pretext not to provide the information in due time and may give rise to a certain feeling of suspicion among the people working in the sector if they have onerous additional bureaucratic constraints <unk> upon them in this way .
This merely <unk> an oversight in the original text .
I believe , Mr President , that when you go to the European Council you will be listened to because you have conducted a very useful debate .
Mr President , my group voted in favour of the Giansily report although I expressed strong reservations about it yesterday .
The UK Competition Commission will very soon deliver its opinion on this possible merger or on the other combination of <unk> and <unk> .
I would like to comment on three points highlighted by Mrs Dybkjær , and I commend the quality of her work as rapporteur to this House .
As others have already mentioned , it is not a perfect solution , but it is necessary at this time .
They are wrong at every time in every place .
Yet we <unk> continue discussing the notion of politicians ’ immunity .
.
We did not know then that Turkey would be selected to join the group of recipients of guarantees , as a consequence of positive developments .
It goes without saying that that was not enough for us .
What underlines the independence of the members of the Executive Board is that <unk> to it is not permitted , and so this is renewed proof of personal independence .
I should also like to warn against one illusion , however : a single European Defence <unk> Market cannot be achieved if enterprises operating under market conditions have to compete with those that are <unk> .
The impact on employment can so far only be described as extremely <unk> .
There is also a need for adequate heavy equipment to deal with situations like this and even <unk> and <unk> seem to be in short supply .
Fishing is a terribly difficult subject .
You have the merit of having shown your hand , although in a rather <unk> way , by <unk> that the Member States recognise that it is necessary to promote renewable sources of energy as a priority .
<unk> in renewable , sustainable energy sources are inadequate , which is detrimental to the environment and is also feeding dependency on all kinds of dubious regimes in countries where oil flows in abundance .
They were elected to represent , in a European context , the interests of their people , and thus of their nation states .
He should be released <unk> and be able to stand as a candidate in the parliamentary elections which are to be held next March .
We do not work for very many hours per week and do so using antiquated technology .
I am also happy that this report has been completed under the Greek Presidency .
Finally , I should like to point out that the individual components of this proposal , by which I mean maintaining premiums at current levels , adjusting thresholds to current production levels , the three-year period of validity and promoting diversification , form a balanced entity which is tailored to producers &apos; requirements and takes account of new prospects .
There has not yet been a single instance of a <unk> sitting being broadcast , and so at present this is the rule rather than an exception .
Our chemical industry is considerably more advanced than that of the United States or Japan , and we should be keen to hold on to this advantage .
The general debate will continue with the Council and Commission declarations on enlarged Europe and its neighbours .
I ask you to highlight this since you have put this paragraph to the vote without this being stressed .
Both farmers and consumers will welcome the new emphasis on food quality .
If she had no reply to our questions , she could simply have told us she had no reply .
That concludes the vote .
Report ( <unk> / 2002 ) by <unk> <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a Council Regulation concerning Community financial contributions to the International Fund for Ireland ( 2003-2004 ) ( COM ( 2002 ) <unk> - <unk> / 2002 - 2002 / <unk> ( CNS ) ) However , I think you have created and presented the elements and building blocks necessary to discuss what to do with European political parties .
Most have submitted theirs .
The other is , of course , the regulation on <unk> .
This declaration of principles coincides with points of view expressed many times over in our Assembly , but sadly , this objective meets strong resistance from certain Member States and national parliaments , and I am thinking in particular of the French Parliament .
The social and environmental issues that affect each country also have to be taken into account .
They have been persecuted and prevented from carrying out their mandate as directly elected representatives of the people .
At the same time the transition from dictatorship to democracy is an enormous step .
– The House has completed its business .
In view of this , I would prefer to embark on the Intergovernmental Conference with a mixture of stronger and weaker options so that there will still be a chance of achieving <unk> solutions , rather than lowering the Convention &apos; s sights before the Conference has even begun its work .
I admit that the discovery of the note by a Commission official of October 1990 , which appeared to lend <unk> to the theory of a <unk> strategy , did cause me great concern - a concern which I made clear to you , moreover , at the time of my last appearance before the European Parliament , in Brussels in May .
The increase in the number of free trade agreements promotes agricultural production at low prices and therefore low production costs .
In that directive it is mentioned that category 3 is a high-risk category , while in this directive it is said that category 3 is a <unk> category .
Certainly in those cases , but even if there is only material damage , the suffering should not be exacerbated by endless <unk> with the insurance companies .
The wide-ranging recommendations contained in the report should be implemented , and soon .
Are there any objections to this oral amendment being tabled ?
Whether one calls it genocide or not , it still amounts to the most serious systematic violation of fundamental rights probably anywhere on the globe .
This proposed amendment could give rise to a certain amount of confusion and the risk of <unk> the ECHO programme .
Question No 12 by <unk> <unk> i <unk> ( <unk> / 02 ) : What can be done to alleviate the damage done to fishing communities ?
Madam President , in answer to this question I can say first of all that the <unk> <unk> ’ s case was not raised during the meeting of the foreign ministers with Lebanese Prime Minister <unk> <unk> that took place as part of the Council session of 20 March ; I was present at that meeting in person .
We do not want to behave like the United States of America , which whenever there is a problem - such as in Colombia for example - instead of supporting a negotiated solution , reached through discussion , sends more soldiers , more aircraft and more military force , thereby making the situation worse .
I wish to thank the President-in-Office for his resolve .
Thank you for your attention , ladies and gentlemen .
I am pleased that Mr Herman and others look happy .
We also ask the Commission ’ s Directorate-General for Competition to concern itself with the distribution channels , especially in the media , and with the dominant position of individual branches of industry in this area and to investigate cases of abuse , but not to throw out the baby with the <unk> .
<unk> delay &apos; changes the meaning of what we are attempting .
But it has succeeded in causing great concern by endangering the whole of the region , and in humiliating the UN and , of course , the political unity of Europe .
Mr President , in the name of <unk> , the <unk> report is totalitarian in inspiration to the extent that it seeks to shape the opinions and behaviour of the citizens of European nations according to the norms of the politically and historically correct .
Various Member States have taken one-off measures to be able to meet the criteria .
People in Europe are prepared to shoulder their responsibility .
That is not what Parliament intends .
After all , fair and correct trade at world level implies attention to ecological and social aspects and takes into account all the players involved , thereby including the developing countries .
I shall now open the debate and naturally give the floor to our rapporteur , Mrs Quisthoudt-Rowohl , for ten minutes .
However , we have always laid great stress - admittedly , not always with success - on the need to extend application of the subsidiarity principle from the level of central government to the lower levels , and to establish a genuine , practical partnership in the implementation of the Structural Funds .
Mr President , the Commission followed very closely and with growing concern the dramatic and tragic events which <unk> Bolivia last week .
There are five questions I would like to ask you .
In that case it is important for the different figures to estimate the emission costs to be calculated in different ways too .
We must tackle the problem of the various conflicts of laws that arise in <unk> cases .
The Western Balkans are affected by the EU enlargement process , a detailed debate on which is to take place at the European Council in December .
One must not overlook <unk> regions either , for which it is essential to grant compensation in the form of subsidies or tax relief in order to re-establish conditions of fair competition .
It is a common challenge .
The vote will take place at 12 noon .
This is supposed to be our priority , would you believe .
You represent the European Union as a whole , and in your work Europe ’ s interest must come first ; you can always rely on the support of the Group of the European People ’ s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats .
That is why we Socialists have tabled a few amendments that make this need more explicit , and I hope this House will adopt them .
Everyone is aware that , in the light of the Treaty on Union , a new global programme is inappropriate and contrary to the actual Treaty .
I have been encouraged by the growing influence that the European Union clearly has on many countries in the world .
There can be no doubt that far too little is said in our countries about the problem of older people and that there is sometimes an excessively strong inclination to <unk> in a certain <unk> of youth .
In various European countries , large groups of farmers are in <unk> <unk> .
On the long-standing issue of the arms embargo , it is true that we are willing to continue working towards a possible lifting of the embargo , on the basis of our joint statement of 2004 , the EU-China Summit and the subsequent European Council conclusions .
It is a threat that must be <unk> by every lawful means .
In my view , the agreement reached now has a much more realistic approach .
<unk> procedure : For the first time ever , the EU will provide an adequate legal framework for enhanced cross-border , interregional and transnational cooperation .
The substance is very simple , and this came out of the debate with political force and intelligence .
If three quarters of the Members of Parliament were prepared to take up such a clear and , in certain cases , courageous stance on this issue in a roll-call vote last month , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , it is because , thanks to the Iraqi crisis , they understood that it was essential to give their unreserved support to our colleagues currently working in the working groups on defence , chaired by Commissioner Barnier , and on foreign policy , chaired by Mr Dehaene .
He <unk> of having murdered someone for the first time when he was eleven years old .
In fact , prices for products from livestock farming have fallen ; in particular , pig prices have reached their lowest in years .
This is why we are very much in favour of extending the directive to groups of people who are discriminated against and also to areas such as housing , education , public service operations and attitudes within the police force .
I must tell you , though , that we could not support this compromise text of the motion in this form , neither <unk> D nor clause 1 , because it would give the impression specifically that Turkey &apos; s membership would have a positive influence on security , stability and development in the European Union .
The Minutes of yesterday &apos; s sitting have been distributed .
There is also the highly <unk> matter of the flax case and EU subsidies for flax growing in certain Member States .
Third time lucky , we hope .
Anyway , we are scarcely going to reduce world hunger and feed the starving masses by <unk> <unk> legs , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and so forth .
It has <unk> films from Scotland – with world-famous actors such as <unk> <unk> – and <unk> by people like Alexander <unk> <unk> , the world-famous author of the series .
What I should like to ask is who is to blame , Commissioner ?
For a long time , we had more men than we could make use of and only half the women we needed to have been elected .
I should be glad if the observatory could in fact be set up to keep an eye on things in Europe .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , I , like you , welcome the decision that was taken yesterday in the Social Affairs and Employment Council to finally adopt this draft directive on information and consultation .
Mr President , the end of December is a time for drawing up a balance : what went well this year , what went wrong , and what needs improving .
We need to address all these questions in our interinstitutional working party .
Saddam has been equally determined to obstruct their work .
For the threshold value below which contaminated seeds may nonetheless be put on the market , the most recent state of the art must alone be decisive .
Similarly we can claim credit for the fact that we have achieved a very successful summit with the United States two weeks ago with a very real breakthrough of immense importance to Europe in that the United States administration has signed with us an agreement on sanctions legislation which explicitly rejects <unk> which is of great importance to us .
And the extreme right has been involved in <unk> racism for a very long time and in a very <unk> way .
We recognise , however , that the application of this rule for the Cohesion Fund could bring difficulties , especially in the new Member States , as the major focus of this fund is on large infrastructure projects where the investment cycle and public procurement procedures are considerably longer and more complex .
This makes it important to assess whether the work and the way the European agricultural model is applied tend towards appropriate rewards for European farmers , and what is meant by that .
There has been much discussion in this House on subcontracting , or the subcontracting of <unk> projects , if I may put it like that .
Madam President , once again the USA wants to play world legislator and is not keeping to the rules that were agreed in the framework of the WTO .
To achieve this goal , we have identified seven Directives and one Regulation that must be approved this year .
The Commission must not longer act as if it were a state within a state , to use a French expression , or like an extra state of the European Union , as someone said earlier , which is subjected to no political control , be it internal or from Parliament .
In this respect , public intervention is crucial .
The EU will do better to concern itself with the resolution of cross-border problems within Europe and keeping control of large international concerns that take no account of the interests and the democratic rights of the vast majority of people .
We therefore genuinely await positive signals from the Council in the future .
And this at a time when we had some hope of movement : the cancelled Arab League Summit was expected to provide a positive impetus to the peace process by relaunching its <unk> peace initiative .
The Committee on Agriculture does in fact believe that we should have the courage to begin to move out of it .
The College of Quaestors examined your questions on Tuesday , and the reply , from what I have been told , is on its way to you .
The Council has been following with deep concern the trial of some of the members of the <unk> <unk> native to the <unk> of <unk> .
I do not believe we can wait until 2008 to open up international goods transport to competition throughout the European network .
Tunisia is a target country of the <unk> and one of the MEDA partners which receives significant financial assistance for economic / social actions , human rights and democracy development .
This inconsistency is only explained in part by the fact that there are no European standards for minority rights .
The Union ’ s specific demands relating to services , investment and public contracts are not aimed at achieving broader access to the market – in practice , Mercosur ’ s market is already entirely open – but at reaching an agreement on rules providing legal security for our operators in the region .
This is contained in Amendment No 36 .
( FR ) We have , of course , voted in favour of this resolution which seeks to improve safety in coaches , whether this involves the wearing of safety belts , driver training or limiting driving time .
We support in principle a closer association of Croatia , <unk> , Bosnia-Herzegovina , Macedonia and Albania with the EU .
Violence against women and children is known to be a widespread phenomenon , but I should like to refer in particular to something which happened at the height of summer .
To President <unk> , who is in <unk> today , I say this : ‘ You are personally and politically responsible for what is happening in Zimbabwe , for you have for years been <unk> to do what you could to put an end to this human tragedy !
I am in favour of this .
In my own report , however , I have taken the liberty of <unk> at greater length on certain factors which are fundamental to the creation of the internal market .
It is a violation of this agreement as far as the state in question is concerned .
This is a framework document that will give the social partners and others an opportunity to comment on how we should now proceed with all of the organisation of work issues .
<unk> shipping operations account for double this amount .
This has become even more clear in view of the forthcoming enlargement .
The intermediate targets for sustainable development , based on United Nations conventions and resolutions , anticipate the implementation of these national strategies in all countries by the year 2005 so as to ensure that current trends in the loss of environmental resources are effectively <unk> at both global and national levels by the year 2015 .
There are still one or two countries where the Commission and Parliament are separate in terms of structure and we need to be particularly vigilant in instances where more than 75 or 80 % of the appropriations go into paying for salaries and buildings rather than adequate information policies .
I understand these reasons and shall , therefore , not oppose the rapporteur &apos; s proposal , although I have adopted various amendments tabled by other Members of the House .
We cannot do much but we should be prepared to do what we actually can do , which is to help Algeria by taking on its concerns , by being prepared to work together with the Algerians , for example by fighting terrorism , not in Algeria but in our own States , in Europe .
Others require changes in management mechanisms .
<unk> - a <unk> of how private sector managers should invest and where they should invest - will merely reduce returns to savers .
That is the reason , as several Members of the House will know , why the Commission , following the request of this House , declared in the conciliation procedure on the guidelines that we would submit a proposal for <unk> projects in 1997 .
This extension includes the same fishing opportunities and the same conditions for 2003 .
Prior to the Israeli decision on <unk> <unk> / <unk> <unk> <unk> the European Union had urged Israel through diplomatic channels not to continue with its plans to build there .
I think I can say that we met these conditions .
The Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats voted for the motion against its will , and it declared its opposition to all these amendments .
People say that things cannot go on the way they are .
This strikes us as rather suspect .
We cannot <unk> our heads in the sand and deny the fact that this is already happening .
Questions 48 to 59 will be answered in writing .
I would like to quote a few <unk> from a recent interview which was published recently in a Dutch <unk> .
First we must see law and order restored .
<unk> <unk> We believe that much can be done .
I wish to emphasise once more that this is not a proposal which has been dreamt up in a bureaucratic ivory <unk> .
Finally , we wish to stress that enlargement must not take place at the expense of internal solidarity .
Despite the <unk> of cotton in Europe , however , there have been certain statements against Community policy on the sector , which I believe to be entirely <unk> , since in the European Union export refunds are not given and goods are imported freely , without tariffs .
However , I know that the rapporteur has done everything in his power to soften the negative effects of this proposal as far as possible .
The Growth Initiative is simple and practical .
The Commission should , in our view , be given back its original implementation and administration role , instead of trying to grant it new tasks , new prerogatives and new powers .
But I would like to use this opportunity to highlight the difficulties that people on low or no earned incomes have in the European Union and the fact that credit must not become a source of financial assistance simply for those who are well-off .
This would appear to be a very <unk> position on the matter , taking a specific point of view .
Once again the Commission , in order to maintain its importance , has taken on powers that it does not have , <unk> entirely arbitrary , or worse , ridiculous criteria to serve its cause .
The main characteristic of and driving force behind these unscrupulous minority groups is the imposing of their ideas and power through violence and fear .
The PHARE programme already <unk> the continuation of some of these axes beyond the European Union border to <unk> and to <unk> .
Mr President , I would like to say , concerning the previous speech , that Mrs Gradin has our full support to get the Daphne programme under way , and we will certainly be in a position to cooperate fully on this issue in the future .
Fortunately , there are now plans <unk> to phase these subsidies out , but the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development is still opposed to these plans .
For all these reasons , the Commission shares the opinion expressed by several Members of this House on the need for a global <unk> of existing texts within the context of a single legal instrument , which will organise and guarantee the unimpeded exercise of the freedom of movement and residence .
Otherwise we would all be much the poorer .
It is therefore quite remarkable that the Cederschiöld report does not say a single word about <unk> .
Would it not be appropriate for the House to discuss those security rules , which are being put to the vote tomorrow in the context of the interinstitutional agreement and the amendments to the Rules of Procedure ?
With the utmost courtesy , then , I would like to thank you , Mr President-in-Office , for coming to Parliament to speak to us today .
As regards the redrafting of the Financial Regulation , the corresponding amendments could , if necessary , be included at the appropriate time .
It is a well thought-out system which actually works , and by means of which children can handle <unk> media products with awareness .
I will very quickly answer the two questions posed , one on the content of the regulation and the second on the issue of the gold 100 euro coin in which interest was shown during the first debate on the Commission &apos;s proposal last November .
In more general terms , we must review repatriation policies as a whole , including the issue of assistance for voluntary return , so as to guarantee coordination and efficiency whilst respecting the rights of the people involved .
What is more , the rigid <unk> proposed in the amendments rejected by the Council could hamper industrial activity and production still further , without achieving the desired results .
It has confirmed its leadership throughout the world with regard to assistance in <unk> operations .
That is where the differences are clear and <unk> .
Mr President , the report on which we are about to vote , the White report , is , in my view , the most important report for the physical territory of many countries of southern Europe and even for European agriculture .
Mr President , Commissioner , like many or almost all of the Members who have spoken before me , I , too , would again like to stress that it is not sensible to combine consumer protection and public health in a joint action programme .
Opinions may be divided about Austria , but when it comes to making it clear what our position is on racism in Europe , we should not get bogged down in a formal debate as we did just now , we should make it plain that we are <unk> people .
I know that you , as Members of Parliament , in your own regions and countries , are all going to work together with the programme participants so that all these small <unk> , as one Member of Parliament said , go to make a vast <unk> carpet .
We need to search for that .
Unfortunately , the directive takes insufficient account of national needs and basic conditions .
When it comes to the legal basis , I do not understand the Commission .
That is a good thing , too , as we are voting today , and it is very good to hear that the things which we have already decided in the Committee , and which we hope to have adopted today and here I back the appeal by Mr Hughes to the Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats are being discussed there so that we can reach further decisions .
The policy of minorities , while <unk> the <unk> unity of the human family , to establish superficial divisions , is a dangerous threat to the cohesion of the social fabric and the equilibrium of our democratic system .
This <unk> about procedures , individual issues or political issues does us no credit as a Parliament .
Others are involved in this too , but the UK has been the leading player here , in regard to declaring what you pay and creating more transparency about revenue in industries such as oil .
I am sure I would be in the Commission &apos;s bad books by so doing .
We should also be happy at the fact that life expectancy has increased but we should not forget that this life expectancy in some cases will be independent while in others it will be dependent .
This is <unk> not the case , since such a quota would not be realistic .
I welcome this report &apos;s dedication to a policy to <unk> to live .
However , we must go further and put an end to the current situation , in which some Member States allow in refugees coming from certain countries whereas others do not .
We will make every effort to ensure that the right balance is struck between openness and accessibility whilst ensuring that safety is maintained and that <unk> of recent weeks are avoided .
It seems that the motto of <unk> : &quot; I think , therefore I am &apos; has been transformed into &quot; I spend , therefore I am . &apos;
The same applies to another factor , mentioned by Mr von Wogau .
Indeed , if we start by cutting back the budgets by 10 % and we hit sectors like industry , trade , transport and in some cases , even agriculture , we will not be able to revive our economy and become more competitive with regard to competitors such as the United States and NAFTA .
Over the seven months since the <unk> coup d ’ <unk> , the violence has increased considerably , as well as <unk> , torture , unjustified arrests , disappearances , etc . , committed by both government forces and the Maoists .
The most essential issue , i. e. the switch from <unk> to majority decisions , was not applied to the very areas where it was most needed .
There are also the various national laws : in France , for example , there is the Law of 29 July 1994 .
In growing by <unk> % for the year 2001 , the draft Community budget is being increased by a far greater margin than the Member States are permitting themselves for their national budgets .
We have made huge progress with this Regulation , but quite a few aspects still need defending .
There are now twenty-five of us , we will soon be <unk> , the Balkans are <unk> at our door , and you have always pointed out that there will be no definitive peace in Europe and Europe will not have been fully <unk> until the Balkans have been legally , politically and economically integrated into the Union .
On religion / belief , the EPLP welcomes the principle of protection on these grounds .
All product information should be scientifically checked before it is published .
On the one hand , it is true that convergence limits room for manoeuvre in the budgets of individual Member States and <unk> a restructuring of welfare institutions but , on the other hand , complying with the convergence criteria increases the overall efficiency of the European economy and reinforces its position in the world economy , promoting growth and employment .
Mr President , there is no democracy without transparency !
In my country , that will mean reducing the administrative burden on the authorities without quality control suffering as a result .
However , I regret that we have not found priority in tonight &apos;s resolution to incorporate two of my other amendments to support specific programmes for women , including reproductive rights , and to <unk> our commitment to ILO Convention 169 and to combat the flagrant abuse of the rights of indigenous populations which continue to occur in nearly every country in the region .
95 to 97 % of the Internet is legal .
It really begs the question about how the Committee on Legal Affairs deals with issues .
It will most certainly be necessary , we say , because of the technological developments that simplify this transfer and thereby make it more profitable , to determine the further gradual and controlled liberalisation by setting weight and price limits .
However , I would like another type of debate .
I really do not understand this reluctance to open up the EU and to enter into a dialogue with people and with civil society .
If the perspective is shortened because of the delayed decision on the Financial Perspective , then the Member States and regions – old and new – will have less time and there is a risk that some money will be lost .
Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to inform the House that Mrs <unk> <unk> , the first deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations , is with us .
That is the only way in which we can guarantee decent conditions for all European wage <unk> .
What stage are we at with the implementation of real solutions , the type of solutions that require significant investment ?
If we go for 150 grammes it will lead to a failure of the agreement .
The myth of an <unk> society has become a reality .
I wholeheartedly support amendments to the Commission &apos;s revised proposal on tobacco that will strengthen health warnings on cigarette <unk> in the EU .
You mentioned that for civil crisis management we need the police : I would like to add that other ordinary professional groups , such as <unk> and social workers , as well as <unk> and <unk> , can be needed in <unk> crisis management .
The <unk> , however , makes no mention of Jerusalem .
However , I understand your concern , and we in the European Court of Auditors generally agree that Parliament has the right to be the first to be informed .
There were two pivotal points in the debate : to what extent can we maintain structures that have developed along traditional lines or need to be opened up with regard to free markets and competition ?
I therefore do not agree with many of the criticisms contained in the explanatory statement accompanying the <unk> report .
<unk> we lay down a permitted level for <unk> <unk> of GMOs that are <unk> but are considered to be safe ?
I welcome the agreement , since it will help consolidate and improve our trading relations with the United States .
Well , perhaps that was not such a disaster , perhaps there are better suggestions , but we have not heard them yet .
It establishes the principle that Community law <unk> national law in cases where practices are likely to affect trade between Member States .
If we continue to <unk> under pressure from the European chemical industry , the aims of the programme could be watered down and <unk> .
I hope that the European Commission has the courage to go into the conciliation process arm in arm with the Parliament against , and it will be against , the Council .
I would like to be told the Commission &apos;s position regarding the processing of hazardous cattle organs in <unk> and tallow .
The Council cut it drastically at its December meeting .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , since he has been detained at a meeting , Professor Pompidou has asked me to speak on his behalf and asks you to accept his apologies .
The Presidency has therefore adopted an approach based on the principle of solidarity , ensuring that resources are directed to those most in need .
We worked very hard yesterday and they will be leaving us in a few moments to continue this work which has proved extremely fruitful in terms of our common goal to unite our extensive European family .
Before I give the floor to the Prime Minister of Belgium , I must pay tribute to the victims of the terrible earthquake that has taken place in Indonesia , with almost 6 000 dead , 20 000 injured and between 100 000 and 200 000 people affected .
The direct <unk> are the Member States and within the communication it says clearly that we do create regulations binding in any way upon Member States .
In paragraph 2 , we say that the budget for the year 2000 should safeguard the prerogatives of the European Parliament .
<unk> , that was an amendment I tabled in the committee .
I appeal to you , Mr President , to arrange for letters to be sent from the Presidency to Mr <unk> and to the European institutions to draw attention to the situation and to try to prevent even worse abuses .
The <unk> report tries to attach a great deal of importance to balance and respect for the environment and to the proper management of fish stocks .
In that respect , I must explain to Parliament that I have decided to organise a meeting between all of the air traffic operators , which will be held tomorrow and the day after tomorrow .
We should also be <unk> of it as we continue to work on this warm , fruitful and vital relationship every day that goes by .
Time and time again , doing without quotas is an invitation to opt for the ‘ take it or leave it ’ approach , and strengthens the hand of those forces who , for whatever reasons , want to keep women out of the political process .
Mrs Fontaine said that perhaps more sophisticated statistics were needed in order to make an assessment .
They did not : they <unk> away .
The Pope was so relieved and happy that he ordered the <unk> to be <unk> at <unk> in every church , every day .
And conveniently enough , if <unk> , we do have such a big stick , in the form of the measures we can take within the context of the foreign sales cooperation dispute .
I would therefore like to indicate my availability and that of the Commission to work in the direction you wish , working through the process of <unk> stage by stage .
It is our expectation that greater openness to trade in goods and services and to investments will consolidate growth in Europe on the basis of the ground rules , which are to be strengthened in order to provide a framework for this greater openness .
The amendments to directives have improved some , if I may say so , rather poor proposals by the Commission .
Parliament and the Commission are in complete accord .
Madam President , as Robin <unk> , Britain &apos;s Foreign Secretary , said here in January , nations today are as <unk> as they were once independent .
We have worked as never before to debate and promote matters relating to energy and the environment .
Schmid report ( <unk> / 2000 ) When the time which you have allotted is up then I inform you , respectfully but clearly , with a couple of little <unk> with my <unk> on the <unk> .
We are most certainly opening up to others .
I would stress that the protection of intellectual property rights is crucially important in developing innovation in Europe .
We believe this to be justified , but we cannot exclude from the fight against poverty other areas of the planet in which there are terrible pockets of misery and in which inequalities even greater than those suffered in Africa also require our priority action .
<unk> in the future it will also be necessary to introduce sanctions .
( The sitting was closed at <unk> p. m . ) Firstly , I would like to say how satisfied I am with the Presidency ’ s announcement that the work of the Intergovernmental Conference will begin again .
Now it seems that everything you said to our generation about how good immigrants were does not apply to today &apos;s immigrants .
One could say that this is a political strategy that has been employed since time immemorial , but I would ask why the other side should have to sit back and allow it to happen .
– Mr President , the EU ’ s energy policy has two dimensions : the external or geopolitical dimension , and a domestic dimension , because energy security also means the rational use of energy .
Similarly , if quotas introduced are to be effective , they must be linked with other measures relating to political parties and the reform of the electoral system .
Mr President , like you I welcome the final referendum which took place in Latvia this weekend and resulted in a strong &apos;yes &apos; vote for joining the European Union .
Firstly , I believe we should make it very clear that this is a very important first step towards a common European asylum system which , in the long term , will be valid throughout the Union .
Mr van Velzen &apos;s report is , again , a splendid example of this .
My thanks to you and to Hans Christian <unk> .
Even though the candidate countries are not yet members of the European Union , they soon will be in a matter of years .
As you know , the European Union has been the biggest and most important international donor to the Caucasus and Central Asia since these countries gained their independence .
The Dutch presidency is facing intense pressure from many EU countries , and I hope that the Netherlands , with its policy of tolerance , will be prepared to endorse more stringent interpretations in the area of drugs policy .
The reason is that it is quite unacceptable , in my view , to continue <unk> such a potentially toxic substance in people &apos;s <unk> when safer alternatives exist .
Since Moldova is unable to intervene in Transnistria , we raise the issue with Russia whenever the opportunity arises .
When exercising this right which is fully enshrined in the European Convention on Human Rights , the presidency considers that the case law of the European Court of Human Rights must also be respected to ensure that the right balance is achieved between interference in private life and the public interest .
We hope that the Council , with its decisions to ultimately create a common <unk> process and a common status for those who have received asylum throughout the Union , has opened up the way for Europe to become a united area in matters of asylum and refugees .
This policy has had good results .
This initiative is <unk> entitled : &quot; An Information Society For All &quot; .
That integration effort must be made by the public administrations of the countries of the Union and also their societies , but we must also demand that all those people who come from outside accept the basic rules of co-existence which we have in the countries of the European Union , which are our <unk> , our principles and our values , because this affects all of us .
But we have for the first time reached the stage where Turkey must present us with a binding programme and must tell us what it intends to do to change conditions in Turkey .
The debate is closed .
Therefore it is time to suspend this agreement , because of not only the human rights abuses associated with the settlements but also those associated with the new apartheid wall , which has nothing to do with security and everything to do with an illegal land grab .
The role of public investment in safeguarding the open nature of <unk> should be considered fundamental , in order to guarantee the development of technical resources and cultural tools permitting all citizens to benefit from an ever-increasing volume of communication and information services .
We hope that he too will discover the value of using the European institutions , that is to say the Community method , rather than the intergovernmental method he has so far been a little too <unk> of .
The second case , that of honey .
In its communication to the Council , the European Commission places the emphasis on <unk> political relations with Japan .
.
I should like to thank Mrs Fraisse and Mrs Gill for their excellent report and their contribution to the realisation of this action programme .
Why should this be so ?
I should like to repeat – and I am increasingly feeling like a voice in the <unk> in this respect – that the phrases ‘ services of general interest ’ and ‘ services of general economic interest ’ have still not been defined , and it is , in that light , very odd to legislate for them .
The directive permits a limit value of <unk> % , compared with Denmark ’ s figure of half that amount : <unk> % .
Approval of the Minutes I am pleased to report that we achieved our objectives in all three areas .
There is Slovakia , there is the <unk> government , there are also five million Slovak men and women , whose place is in the centre of Europe .
<unk> a strategy of this nature will require the cooperation of the Member States and , given the current state of actions being undertaken by the working groups set up for this purpose , it will be hard to achieve all the stated objectives in time .
In spite of the fact that the Directive has been in force since 1975 , its results have been conspicuous by their absence .
The endeavour was indeed a success , but we have nonetheless , as you know , been unable as yet to get the Constitution ratified .
First , it includes the basic priorities put forward by the European Parliament and , secondly , it includes many of the comments and proposals made by the Court of Auditors .
Other important changes include the fact that when a declaration has been signed by more than one half of the component Members of Parliament , the President will immediately inform Parliament of it , and the declaration will immediately be forwarded to the institutions to which it is addressed .
For the countries of the south , it involves food security , and also the quality of food , water and the soil .
.
We all know of the tragic deaths that have occurred amongst young people from <unk> but the <unk> long-term damage to the brain and nervous system is not so widely known .
I would like , then , to make a short comment to the effect that the future of Europe - Europe &apos;s <unk> - is being determined today above all in its laboratories and research centres .
On non-discrimination <unk> to Article 13 of the Treaty of Amsterdam , for example , there is the right of people undergoing second line checks to have those checks conducted with dignity and , if necessary , in a <unk> area .
I urge colleagues to reject that amendment .
I might point out that it will only be possible to make this kind of headway in close cooperation with the Member States and the European Parliament .
It is more than a common currency , which will soon be introduced , it is a Community because of its constitution and because of its composition and it is cohesion which <unk> it .
To make sure that this assistance is provided in good time , without having to wait for the legal basis to be adopted , the Commission will ask the budgetary authority to consider this decision as a matter of urgency , in line with the strategy pursued by the international donor community and by the European Union in particular after the constitution of the State of Bosnia-Herzegovina following the signing of the Dayton Peace Agreement in December 1995 .
This goes <unk> with research on the human <unk> , with its anticipated results for health .
This will eventually totally <unk> payments to farmers from production .
The debate is closed .
I shall simply say that the Luxembourg Presidency will do all that it can to reach an agreement on the financial perspectives before the end of June .
There can be no doubt that President Lula da <unk> of Brazil and President <unk> of Argentina are still <unk> for power to see who is perceived as the principal <unk> with the United States of America ahead of President Bush ’ s visit .
You should have changed the portfolios of those Commissioners who have financial interests in their allotted areas .
I would also like to thank President <unk> and Mr <unk> , as well as their team , for their patient mediation work which will <unk> at Thessaloniki and I hope the results will be positive .
What we ought to do , in fact , is respect both the national processes for ratifying the draft Treaty establishing a European Constitution and the right of the various political forces to analyse the far-reaching and serious political and constitutional consequences for the Member States and their citizens .
Parliament , of course , supports that initiative .
Furthermore , we believe that some of the amendments would be impossible to implement , such as Amendment 94 , because a State cannot guarantee what enters its <unk> , since in many cases they are shared .
I say ‘ let ’ s go for it ’ .
On the one hand we are involved in a committee of inquiry to examine the possible errors by the Commission in dealing with BSE , yet on the other hand we are putting ourselves at fault by not ensuring that this meat comes from <unk> stocks .
I note that the conditions specified in the Treaties for such permission to be granted , even unanimously , are not fulfilled , and I call upon the Commission to contest these fraudulent <unk> of Council meetings in the European Court of Justice and , if possible , to put a stop to them .
That is an enormous challenge which will require massive technical assistance beforehand .
Mr President , like you , the Commission was shocked at the damage caused by the <unk> <unk> which hit the Canary Islands and Alicante on 31 March ; we sympathise with the families <unk> by the disaster and deeply regret the damage caused .
For whilst South Africa is in the process of <unk> off the yoke of a <unk> divided society , increasing numbers of Europeans are opting for intolerance towards others on ethnic grounds .
Mr President , I consider it a positive sign that there have been <unk> against Turkey but I would also like to stress my disappointment that what Turkey is doing to the detriment of <unk> fleets around the world , including the <unk> fleets of the European Union , is being played down .
The Council has asked for a proposal for a recovery plan , which the Commission proposed in 2001 , but the Council still does not seem to have the courage to adopt it .
The problem , however , is that the many agencies may lead to unduly large expenditure on administration , both because we obtain small units that are expensive to administer and because we use the action appropriations for these agencies .
The European Union is indeed , as you have said , a world power , and it is establishing various instruments and mechanisms to strengthen its position and to properly protect the rights of its citizens in other countries .
Under Article 12 ( 2 ) of the respective regulations , her appointment <unk> membership of this House incompatible and in the meantime the Spanish authorities have informed me that Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi has been replaced by Mr <unk> <unk> <unk> with effect from 23 July 2002 .
All these agreements were forged , Mr President , on the understanding that if any person <unk> , legally or <unk> belonging to the European Union was affected , or if the conceded <unk> did not happen or were altered , the European Union reserved the automatic right to <unk> the normal WTO complaint procedure .
Nonetheless , I wish at this stage to reserve judgement on the admissibility of this amendment .
Turning to the related issue of Russia &apos;s demand to be treated as a market economy in anti-dumping procedures , the Commission has already submitted a proposal to the Council that will improve the position of Russian companies , and we are looking at whether there is more we can do to meet their concerns .
This report may well have an <unk> label , but it contains an <unk> <unk> of <unk> confused nonsense and does not merit the title of an <unk> report .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , I am indeed very well aware of the backdrop against which the Greek Presidency of the Council is obliged to make preparations for the Spring Summit .
The Commission should take up its responsibilities .
The security situation is being <unk> by the UN forces , which are mainly deployed in the Eastern provinces in which organised gangs still operate .
The report tells us that there has indeed been progress since 1998 , as unemployment has dropped from <unk> % to <unk> % and there are <unk> million more people in employment .
Lastly , it should be determined to what extent those who managed the crisis are liable .
The Commission would prefer the following timetable : two years for new vehicles , three years for international transport and four for national transport .
<unk> poverty has fallen sharply , though .
On top of this we have the backdrop of BSE , the tragedy of foot-and-mouth , and E. <unk> <unk> .
Where do our responsibilities lie , and where do we go from here ?
It has a humane face to it in that it will permit visits to families for <unk> , <unk> and illnesses .
Thank you to all those who were involved .
One final thought : if this new European employment strategy focuses on the three priorities I have mentioned , we may well not have long to wait for effective changes in our labour markets , and so we will be taking a significant step closer to the Lisbon targets .
The codes of conduct for both institutions are extremely important , but I have to ask , with the proposals you have made , how we can really monitor whether we are each complying with them , so that we can hold faith over the coming years and not have to go into the elections feeling that promises were made but not kept .
In addition , there is a significant connection between the economic activities within Israel and those on Palestinian territory .
We shall be able to take direct action in the field of sport .
That is why I feel that we Members must be bold and demand a political response to the current impasse during the conciliation procedure , not accounting tricks or half promises , which are unworthy of our responsibility .
– Mr President , the Intergovernmental Conference is destroying the Convention ’ s success .
It cuts food aid at a time when the list of recipient countries has considerably expanded .
The United States only exports EUR <unk> million to the European Union .
But despite all this , these considerations do not justify the interference of the new world order in the domestic affairs of Serbia today , and they justify even less the search for a pretext for military intervention .
A fairer partnership should therefore not only deal with the relations between the European Union and the ACP countries , but also with the distribution of power within a particular society .
You may have received incorrect information from the Spanish authorities .
A proposal has already been submitted for a label which should be adopted on our part .
It is customary to congratulate the rapporteur using some empty phrase of courtesy , but I do not propose to do that .
<unk> is the only real alternative for the future of <unk> ; including that of Europe .
However , congratulations must , of course , go first and foremost to Mr <unk> ; he has been highly receptive to numerous complaints from European citizens about maladministration in the Commission recruitment procedure and has drafted an own-initiative report in order to solve the problem .
First of all , regarding the economics , it is quite clear that the outcome of the financial perspectives has not been very encouraging to many of us .
We must show the citizens what Europe really is : a decision in favour of peace , cooperation , development and social cohesion .
My last word on this – and I say it with pride – is : .
A similar proposal did not obtain a majority in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy and was rejected by a majority and I would ask Members to do the same now in plenary .
All the best to you , Sir .
The financial framework and Agenda 2000 are reference frameworks .
The report proves this and the rapporteur has my <unk> thanks .
Mr President , the gap with the poorest countries is widening instead of <unk> .
It also implies enabling women to reconcile family life with working life , giving all women the chance to make a genuine choice : how many women have been forced by economic constraints only to have two children when they would have liked three ?
Applause A flagship for European excellence in education , research and innovation is a genuinely new idea which needs imagination and drive to work .
Their entry into the European Union will then be received with greater satisfaction .
I have my own thoughts about a fight which is not even fought at the right forum , but this is my personal opinion .
It is our goal to keep the momentum going , to support young people and strengthen youth policy in Europe .
How can we support the Caribbean countries in adjusting to the changes in the European Community banana regimes , for instance ?
The final vote , in fact , contains a perverse paradox .
First and foremost , a document such as this cannot fail to include a specific , <unk> reference to the right to work .
Indeed , even when an operator makes an effort to avoid using GMOs or GM material , <unk> may be technically unavoidable during cultivation , <unk> , transport and processing .
Above all , it is the duty of the government of Israel not to play tricks with a signed agreement .
In the resolution to be adopted by the Council and the representatives of governments meeting within the Council , Member States reaffirm their commitment to the 1993 UN General Assembly resolution on standard rules for the <unk> of opportunities for persons with disabilities .
Mr President , I saw a short film on German television this morning which was produced on behalf of the American army before the Gulf War .
Therefore , despite what Mrs <unk> said , the Commission cannot accept the part of Amendment No 20 or Amendments Nos 40 , 41 , 42 and 43 , which give the Commission the responsibility of conducting strategic environmental assessments , when European legislation in the Directive adopted in 2001 establishes that the task is the responsibility of the Member States .
Liberal Democrats in this House are proud that three of the authors of today &apos;s reports , Mrs Malmström , Mrs Haarder and Baroness Ludford have <unk> with these issues and given the House these reports today .
I believe the Amendment No 4 compromise is quite clear .
In her report Mrs <unk> says that the new media will represent a real threat to the printed press and indirectly also an attack on democracy , culture and human rights .
I voted in favour of the excellent report by my colleague , Mr Doorn , on a motion for a resolution of the European Parliament on the application of the principle of subsidiarity .
The resolution before the House calls on us to speed up our infringement proceedings , and what I will try to do this evening is to explain in some detail exactly what progress has been made since the implementation report .
I am , therefore , strongly in favour of the creation of a European Spatial <unk> Observatory .
Is n &apos;t it the European Commission doing that ?
Prevention of new <unk> requires not only sound financial management but also strong external control .
More than ever , our two continents must be strategic allies within the international community .
We shall be making the arrangements , we shall be taking care of this and the first time it will affect you will be when the TACs and quotas are set at the end of this year for the coming year .
It is of course strange that at a time like this , when the position of the Council is specifically under discussion , the Council is once again conspicuous by its absence .
The Danish Social Democrats in the European Parliament have today voted against Mr Leinen ’ s motion for a resolution ( <unk> / 2004 ) .
We tabled an options paper last month .
Certainly , a great deal remains to be done , as Mrs Karamanou and Mr Medina Ortega have made clear .
Not only I , but also my staff and <unk> who have worked so hard on this proposal , take satisfaction from that .
In this context I would like to pay particular tribute to Mr Verheugen &apos;s efforts .
We will raise this issue during those meetings and if the government in Ukraine says it would like us to focus some of our spending on this issue , we would be delighted to look at that .
It is true that there is talk of increased employment but the truth in Sweden is that , despite three years of economic growth , more people remain outside the workforce than was the case in the early 1990s when we experienced the worst recession since the Second World War .
Or , for that matter , attempts to drive him into exile .
The first declaration reads : It is a good thing to reduce the economic and social conflicts in the border regions .
In order to do this , products need an identity and they need some sort of label to state their identity .
And with convergence it is very clear that <unk> will certainly merge with other electronic <unk> systems .
The conclusions of the Amsterdam summit leave a <unk> taste and a feeling of <unk> , even of a missed opportunity .
A new , global order is upon us .
The Member States still have too broad a margin to introduce restrictive licensing conditions .
The directive that we are proposing to you specifically provides for measures designed to create that European audiovisual market , so that the <unk> , visions and personalities of our children and grandchildren are not left diminished .
The June List believes that demands for improvements in these areas are a condition of long and sustainable trade cooperation .
I have therefore not voted in favour of the report in the final vote .
Likewise , the progressive undermining of services of general interest - an area in which we are still awaiting a coherent policy from the European Union , and especially from the Commission - often has the unfortunate effect of leading some people to <unk> oppose globalisation , or , at any rate , to be suspicious of the common market .
Its launch was accompanied by a great deal of legal creativity , <unk> and <unk> of political power of persuasion .
It is irrelevant , as far as I am concerned , as to whether it is Serbs , Roma , <unk> or <unk> who are threatened or killed in Kosovo .
We have doubled infant mortality due to the lack of drugs .
In Amendment No 6 , we therefore request the Commission to make all the necessary information available to Parliament .
However , we note that some questions have remained on the <unk> , in particular the key role of women , the social and environmental implications of the activities relating to human rights , and sound management .
I have had the pleasure of Your <unk> also hearing my explanations of vote .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we have just adopted the resolution calling for the summit to appoint a new Commission .
Finally , as Mrs <unk> has already stated , the Member States fail to implement legislation adequately .
The action plan - and the resolution of the European Parliament - fully endeavours to meet these concerns .
The use of new technologies , moreover , represents an inevitable shift towards the rationalisation of the costs and resultant competitiveness not only of film production in the strictest sense , but also of all related activities , such as collection , <unk> and restoration .
Its responsibilities are immense .
<unk> the status quo is not a solution ; preserving the status quo is in the long run simply a waste .
And with a Labour presidency , we must also hope ( especially those of us on the left ) that it has an awareness of society .
People are getting worked up about things that will affect them .
I join with colleagues who have said how dangerous this is as a concept .
But we need to establish simple , daily and effective information to pass on and decentralise the interest among citizens in the work that we do here .
Mr President , I wish to express the heartfelt thanks of the Commission to Mr Rothley , the rapporteur , who has had a considerable intellectual and political input into this fourth motor insurance directive .
We have a real contribution to make and we must not be afraid to make it .
The same is true of the Joint Parliamentary Assembly .
We have put forward a number of proposals in this context .
Following the unsatisfactory Treaty of Nice , the backlog made it necessary to convene the Convention in order to give Europe a constitution at last .
Secondly , Amendment No 22 and Amendments Nos 29 and 38 which refer to it cannot , unfortunately , be accepted by the Commission .
It may be regrettable that it did not succeed in the Balkans and that intervention was necessary , but that is something we must be prepared for when human rights are so <unk> violated .
This resolution <unk> home the point that there has been no improvement in the human rights situation in Iran .
In any event , let us hope that the new system leads to a more proactive contribution to culture .
We have just heard that Mr <unk> <unk> , one of Tunisia &apos;s most well-known civil liberties campaigners , was abducted this morning in <unk> .
It is sensitive to Member States &apos; worries .
However , this progress has frequently been achieved at a high price and at high individual cost .
Europe and the US are the largest trading partners .
Why <unk> European exports without proposing to <unk> imports ?
Last year &apos;s <unk> of the directive brought all rail workers , <unk> workers in the other transport sectors , offshore workers and doctors in training under the directive &apos;s scope .
One aspect of the amendment may also concern implementation .
But I feel that where there are too many rules , freedom can become confusion .
We do not need statements of good conduct for this , but just clear and binding regulations underpinned by appropriate sanctions .
The Foreign Minister referred to a range of common strategies , especially for Russia , which is a particular cause for concern and where we are making particular efforts to do something .
In response to calls for a representative council of the parties to be set up , I should point out that the Commission and Member States have already expressed their joint support for a council to be set up under the <unk> .
I know that it is not in accordance with the Treaty , but our development proposal involves , of course , reducing agricultural subsidies considerably and instead using the money for new initiatives .
<unk> and monitoring have a nice sound to them , but they do not give <unk> farmers any financial <unk> in respect of the work they do .
Subject : Euro-Mediterranean dialogue and the status of women However , Mr Barroso ’ s reaction was one of denial .
If I had worked to the same timetable , it is not in January 2001 that I would have set the date for the start of the debate , it would be in two years time , in 2003 .
We must also rule this out by making suspicion of responsibility for a crime additional grounds for exclusion and expulsion .
With the Council &apos;s acceptance of this compromise , the measures contained in this report can be brought into force without delay .
My vote against the motion of censure does not mean that I support the Commission , or that I am unaware of the seriousness of the situation .
Let us look towards the future .
.
I believe that the possibilities for improvement are favourable .
There is a real risk of encouraging one particular sector to the detriment of others through <unk> limit values .
I believe that it is qualified majority voting that will apply .
Flexibility is needed here .
The European Parliament &apos;s Annual Report on the situation of fundamental rights in the Union is an important instrument in terms of due regard being given to these rights , both at European level and at the level of every Member State , either within the current Union or in a Union of 25 Member States .
What Parliament stands by is this : We campaign for the cultural rights of the Kurds - rights that are inalienable , that do not amount to <unk> or terrorism , that do not create difficulties for Turkey , but which could be the salvation of Turkey as a European country .
Something quite different is the figure defined by the European Central Bank , independently , as an objective within the context of its mandate , which is to ensure price stability .
.
– Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , a parallel has repeatedly been drawn between the problem of ports and port services and the problem of airports and airport services , and the issue of security has been raised as a crucial reason for rejecting the current text , essentially security relating to the issue of <unk> and also with regard to the issue of self-handling in general .
I would like to end by thanking all the groups and their <unk> for their efforts .
We are beginning to see the disappearance of political and religious repression and the Iraqi people are being allowed to express themselves .
<unk> as the protests raise all these questions , it is up to us to answer them .
This is a <unk> issue , and I unreservedly support the report Mr Maat has presented .
The new commercial broadcasters , on the other hand , who are totally <unk> on the market for their income , are finding themselves subject to rules which have nothing to do with a free market , such as quotas and investment commitments .
The Group of the European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party has been a leader in such efforts .
The Committee found the Commission ’ s desire to limit their role to no more than the pursuit of the EU ’ s objectives incomprehensible .
The proposed measures will certainly help to improve <unk> and I have therefore voted in favour of this excellent report .
We believe it is time to stop <unk> people because of their sexual orientation .
I voted in favour of all the amendments in Mr Pérez Royo &apos;s report because I <unk> the greater majority of them .
It has also been established that the <unk> industry was able to pass on a moderate increase in its prices to its clients .
Mr President , I would like to thank Mrs <unk> for the huge amount of work she has done .
This is the people .
Mr <unk> &apos; report in particular looks at the introduction of new technology and offers one solution in the form of electronic money .
The Commission is all too aware that the economic , social and humanitarian crisis in the Palestinian territories is unfortunately getting worse .
I shall present the others later , it does not bother me .
I would refer you to Dutch legislation in which summary proceedings can be used to ask an independent judge to rule on the legality of actions .
Mr President , I should like to say first of all that I agree with the report tabled by Mr Novo <unk> , and I think that he has put some extremely important points before the House .
Incidentally , we wish the Secretary of State of the United States , <unk> <unk> , who is now travelling to Palestine , every success .
The important thing is that , whatever happens , we now have a Framework Decision .
.
There are still further reports to be received in terms of the position of Croatia , not least in terms of the Croatia <unk> <unk> .
In Turkey , the strict division between church and state means that the wearing of religious clothing at universities or in government offices is prohibited .
Madam President , on the subject of this Amendment No 4 on the reduction of working hours , taking account of the debate underway in a number of countries in the European Union and taking account of the votes in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy , I wanted to say that , as rapporteur , I cannot ask for this to be supported .
I want to ask you a specific question so as not to have a long discussion about this .
The fundamental problem is poverty , with hundreds of millions of people around the world , particularly in Asia , living on less than one euro a day .
My group believes that a single framework programme for energy and environment policy under the joint name of <unk> development &apos; must be the Commission &apos;s next step .
Not only because of the lack of transparency , both in the decision-making and in the execution .
But we also need to stress to the US that we need fair trade .
I therefore ask you to support Amendment No 19 , which has been tabled by a number of Members of this House from different political groups , as it prevents the worst from coming to pass and will represent a workable compromise in negotiations with the Council .
<unk> are the unpleasant <unk> , the nasty <unk> pipes and the <unk> <unk> of smoke .
I ask you : can we accept that the violation of fundamental rights is as important as this while at the same time agreeing to this country &apos;s cooperating with the European Union ?
The substance of those agreements , regrettably , does not match up to the <unk> rhetoric which the Council President employs .
Mr President , I should like to point out to the Commissioner that we welcome the decision of the Egyptian Government to start a full investigation into the incident of 30 December , in which , after the attack by the Egyptian police on the Sudanese refugee camp in Cairo , many deaths and injuries resulted .
Once experience of operating the system has been acquired , it will be easier to identify the areas that give rise to practical problems and draw up rules to deal with them effectively .
It is important that these main players understand one another &apos; s reasoning and basic points of departure .
In this otherwise excellent report I cannot entirely agree with paragraph 9 which expresses the view that the emphasis on the promotion of agriculture in the Objective 6 programme is disproportionately high .
That is the difference .
I am also <unk> about the role the Greek air force has reportedly had in reviewing the charges as opposed to an independent prosecutor .
So far not one penny has arrived .
It is a new war , because never until now have the forces of evil been mobilised on such a broad front and never has the civilised world , at all <unk> of the globe , found itself confronted with such widespread <unk> and such total indifference towards civilised values and principles .
To that end , anticipated activities are being analysed and <unk> for work programme <unk> , project implementation plans , etc .
are being developed .
In spite of this , we are incapable of dealing with the problem of harmful programmes being supplied as part of packages to families that have no desire for them .
The second challenge is that of demographic development .
This applies especially to medium and small enterprises .
In the first place , point 29 expressly recognizes that Mr <unk> did not commit any unlawful act under Belgian law in authorizing the release from prison of <unk> <unk> .
Madam President , the Temporary Committee of Inquiry into fraud in the Community transit system has investigated thoroughly and produced a very readable report .
Madam President , I firstly wish to say that I regret the lack of continuity in this debate between the rapporteur &apos;s introduction of his report and the speeches which will now be made , since this will to a large extent distort the message .
Many of our positions differ from those of the US Government or Congress , but climate protection is the major problem , and that should be made clear .
The implementation of a programme must , as far as possible , be managed <unk> , in this case from Pristina .
On 16 and 17 October 2003 , the European Council examined the state of the peace process in the Middle East , discussing possible ways forward .
It is in eastern Siberia , and a small group of these Jews still lives there today , which really feels threatened and fears for its survival .
Whether you are for it or against it , it is extraordinary that such a proposal as this is not subject to the assessment that President Prodi assured the House would apply to all new Commission proposals .
I also think we need to mix fuels much more in order to get a quality of fuel that is good for motor engines .
Mr President , what we have in Sudan is a stable regime in a stable situation which will ensure a stable future for the Sharia government in <unk> .
Finally - the last point made in the report - the process of telecommunications liberalisation needs to be accelerated and completed because that is obviously closely linked to the future and the progress of the Internet on the continent of Europe .
Such a situation inevitably brought Mr Sharon to power .
There people go in with one share and have one vote , so it does not work in the same way as the share system , where people go in and buy as many votes they like by buying lots of shares .
Mr Wolf has often been mistaken , but not usually the German Federal Chancellor !
Mr President , the social dialogue at Community level does not always take unambiguous form .
<unk> of the amounts mentioned , it must be made clear that this money cannot come from the <unk> for Heading 4 , External action , which is limited as it is .
&quot; <unk> &quot; your social and environmental performance is as bad as &quot; <unk> &quot; profits .
I therefore hope to be able to vote soon for the protection of the Community &apos; s social security interests .
This right to skill development must then be adapted at national level within different sectors .
That is not enough , however .
I believe it is entirely proper that Mr Poettering should demand that this issue be dealt with here this week and I would urge the Commission to give the necessary assurance , not only because I agree with the sentiments of Commissioner Patten , but because the world at large wishes to be reassured that there is no <unk> at the heart of Europe on the question of enlargement .
The Russians will not manage alone in this .
This is intolerable ; it is a measure against the citizens , and we will act with determination and take this to Luxembourg , because all of this is against Europe .
It was because of these allegations that in July 2004 the Commission brought forward a proposal for reforming the COM for sugar , based on a two-stage price reduction phased over three years of 37 % in the guarantee price and 33 % in the institutional price ; on the abolition of the intervention price , which is currently three times the world market price ; and on eliminating public intervention , which will be replaced by a system of private stocks .
Is this the <unk> , forward-looking one ?
I find myself in <unk> with the points that the honourable Member raises .
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on 19 June 1998 .
Article 6 provides for the use by the collateral <unk> of the financial instruments &apos; collateral held under the security financial collateral arrangement ; these provisions give rise to difficulties related to ownership rights and traceability of securities and thus threaten the transparency of European financial markets .
Situation in Mexico It is also repugnant to discover that a proportion of public resources , the money of the European citizens , which you receive , ends up in the hands of the criminals and fascists of ETA .
I would like first of all to emphasise a procedural issue .
One of the things that the report and its explanatory statement do is to show exactly to what extent there is a basis .
I hear that the Belgian Minister , Mr <unk> , a Liberal , is proposing to create a new <unk> figure , a <unk> Euro &apos; on the model of Mr CFSP , which was disputed not only by us but also , I believe , very forcefully by Mr Poettering and by the Group of the European People &apos; s Party .
<unk> of that nature will , however , come to an end when we move on to the definitive VAT regime , based on the principle of taxation in the country of origin .
Thus the European Structural Fund and rural development funding provides the tools to help workers adjust to the situations referred to by the honourable Member .
This will enable us to welcome the countries of Central and Eastern Europe more effectively and more quickly .
Ladies and gentlemen , allow me this <unk> .
.
– Mr President , as a member of the second European Parliament delegation which visited the Spanish authorities in Madrid and the regional and local authorities in the autonomous region of Valencia in June 2005 and met with groups of petitioners , I am obliged to state publicly that all the key players demonstrated an excellent willingness to cooperate with the MEPs and confirmed their understanding and concern for the legitimate , but not for the illegal claims of the citizens .
Any concept of inflation worth its salt must take account of the fact that capital markets mean the unrestricted rise in value of capital goods .
Legal certainty is important for businesses : this is a subject , the importance of which the Chair of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi , emphasised in her last intervention - and I am very grateful to her for the way she always takes the <unk> interest in subjects regarding the single market , including , in this case , competition .
Let us call a spade a spade .
I therefore think it imperative to lift the veil from this notion of making the agricultural sector pay for Kosovo .
We trust that the Irish presidency of the Council will ensure that this does not happen , that we do not get lost in <unk> details or succumb to political erosion .
We are very concerned about the capital market and there needs to be capital market reform .
We are soon to be joined by ten countries , none of which is to be a member of the euro zone .
I most certainly hope and believe that it is against every objective and principle of the Commissioner &apos;s directive that a Member State should be allowed to manipulate what is essentially an EU social benefit in this way .
The continent needs a step change in development , financing , health , education , governance and the capacity to trade in global markets and programmes for dealing with <unk> diseases and building African peacekeeping capacity .
We must , as a matter of urgency , see to it that targeted education and information makes it impossible for such inhumane things to happen in Europe again .
The Member States do not always have sufficient means at their disposal to address this deprivation adequately .
As for the pharmaceutical industry , well , it is only interested in those who can pay .
At the same time , it would be good to alleviate the risk of a possible duplication of some functions between the Ombudsman and this European authority , with a view to <unk> the use of Community resources .
I do not share the very harsh judgment that Mrs Schroeder expressed earlier and I do not think that it is fair .
I therefore welcome the Commission proposal to extend the pilot project for satellite <unk> of vessels in the regulatory area of the North Atlantic Fisheries Organization up to 31 December 1998 .
The report is designed to create a legal base for cooperation and commercial relations with the following industrialised countries : the United States , Canada , Japan , South Korea , Australia and New Zealand .
The final element involves legal actions against enterprises that fail to honour their commitments .
On the other hand , at the moment we do not need a second reading consultation , and certainly not a conciliation procedure .
I hope that you appreciate that I too was here on time , ready to start .
Many enterprises are facing obstacles such as cultural and social barriers , barriers posed by regulation – both from the European Union and national legislation , access to finance and education and training , and , of course , some of the negative media impact .
However , we consider the strengthening of the inalienable nature of the resale right to be a positive step .
This would amount to looking at the world through <unk> <unk> , because what matters to the public is not core inflation but inflation including energy and food prices .
It is clear from the case of BSE that a standard ten-year limitation on liability may be insufficient under certain circumstances .
On the subject of comitology and lack of control by Parliament , I should like to remind you , ladies and gentlemen , that we are party to global generic agreements concerning good legislation and the institutions ’ capacity to forge links between themselves .
What are the priorities of the Presidency in the negotiations on the new financial perspective ?
We have a draft Constitution in which there is a Minister for Foreign Affairs but there is none for the economy .
Applause It is therefore all the more important that as many young people as possible are involved in international education programmes even at an early stage of their education .
The vote will take place at 5.30 p. m . Mr President , Commissioner Barnier , Mrs Maij-Weggen , Mr Cashman , ladies and gentlemen , if , today , the window of the European Parliament is opened a little wider , as Mr MacCormick has put it , then Mrs Maij-Weggen and Mr Cashman will have played a great part in it .
That also - and perhaps mainly - applies to the position of the self-employed .
The real difficulty is the absence of political will in the Council .
The European Union wants to deepen dialogue on these important issues before this year is out .
Speaking as an inhabitant of a border area , I greatly regret this , but I can understand that there might still be problems with controls in certain cases .
However , it would be extremely short-sighted to do that , and the current idea of pushing forward with a policy in the context of developing near neighbours is extremely important .
On behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , I therefore thank Mrs d &apos;Ancona for her report , in which she at least attempts to bring about a consensus , even if it represents the lowest common denominator .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the gene technology industry has been promising us much for decades .
They make up 20 million tonnes of the total global catch of <unk> million tonnes .
Maybe Mr <unk> – we do not know .
I welcome that .
Sweden and Finland are two countries which have a very poor basis for doing this , because most of their population is <unk> together in the <unk> and they have vast areas with little population in the north .
The Member States need to go further in implementing and enforcing legislation on occupational <unk> .
<unk> decisions lead to help being made available quickly and to recognised refugees being speedily integrated ; it prevents the <unk> that at present occurs .
The Commission would like to reiterate its belief that the compromise on the table strikes a good balance , and I must once again protest most vigorously against accusations that this proposal waters down the objectives contained in the Commission ’ s original proposal .
Mr President , once again we are reminded of the desperate tragedy that continues to afflict the people of Burma .
The Commission agrees , for example , with the proposal for an amendment tabled by the rapporteur on this issue .
We must also ask if there is not a need for fiscal justice .
We are seeking , it would appear , to change our priorities in terms of waste disposal every two or three years .
In our opinion , these may be able to form a future action plan , which will be assessed every year at special meetings of the European Council , which will always take place in the spring .
It must have a follow-up and must lead to a decision from the European Council .
The monitoring of progress in the capacity to implement is a standard procedure that we have developed over a considerable time .
She came to see me and said : &apos; I do not have a visa to go to the Black Forest , what shall I do ?
I cannot therefore answer your question on the Council &apos; s behalf at this time .
Speaking in political terms , we hope that the outcome of a referendum on Malta &apos;s accession to the EU will be accepted as the people &apos;s democratic choice , for there will not be a third chance !
Ladies and gentlemen , we have the obligation to work every day , not just when the <unk> of round figures , 60 years , – why 60 and not 59 ?
– <unk> the memory , but every day , so that the values of our Constitution – peace , human rights , respect and tolerance – which are entirely contrary to what happened in Auschwitz , are spread and defended in schools , at work , on the <unk> , in the street , in the bars , in everybody ’ s shared daily lives .
A further meeting of the Council for <unk> took place last week and at that meeting we submitted a new document , based on our reflections and on our examination of proposals from various quarters , suggesting an amendment to Article 31 .
I also support the mainstreaming of gender and the environment in all negotiations as a matter of course .
This was why I criticised these Liikanen facilities whose limit is being exceeded .
Many of those who voted in favour , however , did so on the understanding that Turkey would meet its side of the agreement - which it has failed to do .
The debate is closed .
The financial threshold for <unk> is 150 , 000 ECU and for <unk> 15 , 000 ECU .
The new rules should be directed towards improving controls in order to ensure respect for the legislation , rather than taking advantage of a debate such as this one on the welfare of cattle in order to introduce stringent restrictions on the free movement of goods , particularly restrictions which will not have the same effect in all countries .
The idea of competing with the US is completely unacceptable .
Nuclear <unk> accidents I myself am aware of quite a few children , for example Maria <unk> and <unk> <unk> , who have been kidnapped and taken to Russia .
Europe must make use of shock treatment , for tomorrow &apos;s society will be one of intelligence , research and knowledge , bringing with it work and wealth .
On the first point , I accept that market forces should be introduced progressively in order to give the railways time to adapt and for the Community to be able to put a comprehensive framework in place .
Finally , I must also say that I am deeply shocked to see the police officers who have to <unk> refused asylum-seekers become the victims of <unk> .
Do you agree ?
On economic , but above all on ethical and moral grounds , it is our duty to preserve people from this fate in this century of the information society and of lifelong learning .
But we can also opt for a bureaucratic , <unk> , quick , artificial and probably unsatisfactory answer .
For them everything continues as usual .
– As I mentioned at the meeting last week of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , the greatest and most tangible achievement of the rule of law is precisely citizens ’ free exercise of political rights .
Furthermore , each national State will be responsible for democratically arranging its distribution of competences between the national State , between communities or regions and between local authorities .
A Council regulation that is directly applicable law must also be observed by the regional governments .
The European Union seems to be afraid of itself .
Neither have anything in common .
Then everything <unk> : there was a <unk> effect around all of the world &apos;s exchanges without exception and widespread panic in the financial markets , with a number of different countries on the verge of economic collapse .
But we cannot just ask workers to change their behaviour , which is why companies too have a new role in this area .
For this reason we want Europol not only to be able to begin work on 1 July but also to be able to work effectively from this date .
I refer in particular to the two major reports by Mr Mastorakis and Mr <unk> <unk> which you adopted in September 2003 and to which Mr Hatzidakis also refers explicitly in his report .
Mr President , Mr Barroso , the President of the Commission , often speaks of a Europe of results , but he seems to be referring exclusively to economic policies .
We at the Commission will do our part and , I repeat , we will introduce all these new technologies within the institution in all our procedures and relations with the outside world .
<unk> : European training and further training programmes such as Leonardo and Erasmus should be put to more use than hitherto in the forestry sector .
In that respect I was <unk> to read that Danish fisheries inspectors last month <unk> a Danish industrial fishing boat and discovered 114 tonnes of juvenile cod in a <unk> <unk> total catch that was supposed to be composed entirely of sand <unk> .
Applause As an <unk> , however , I would like to express my dissatisfaction at the lack of recognition of island development .
The European Commission and the Commissioner , who is present here , are experienced in drawing up and applying this sort of programme in the Member States and candidate countries and we believe that this experience will stand them in good <unk> when it comes to drawing up the regional Mediterranean programme .
I have received six motions for resolutions tabled pursuant to Rule 42 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
As regards the Commission decision yesterday to stick with the previously agreed timetable regarding the state aid schemes I think that was a wise decision .
We now have to decide upon the appropriate institutional forum for the operational follow-up , perhaps extending the mandate of the relevant High Level Group .
Lifelong learning and training has also become an instrument in the fight against academic failure , students giving up on education and illiteracy .
Your Vice-President , Mrs <unk> de Palacio , could perhaps help you here , and particularly in the fields of the environment and of transport there are very few proposals and indications as to how &quot; sustainability &quot; is to be made a reality .
I do not think that many people in our own countries have yet grasped the immense historic step which enlargement represents for Europe .
In fact that is a great priority for this Commission .
We also need policies .
Workers , young people and whole nations are rising up in protest and forming their own <unk> , their own fronts against this imperialist <unk> in order to shift the balance of power and overturn this <unk> and barbaric system .
The agreement limits the right conferred on all members - and the public - by Regulation No 1049 , in that it creates a group which has special access to information .
Like my colleagues in the Committee on Development and Cooperation , I do not consider it desirable for the Council alone to decide on a suspension or resumption , either full or partial , of cooperation .
Yet more important , though , is what happens to a business when the older generation hands it on to the <unk> .
.
In common with paragraph 22 , I am against making one budgetary category , i. e. agriculture , take all the strain of our financing needs .
As a number of speakers have already said , we are not civil servants - we represent the citizens of the four corners of the European Union , here at its centre .
Last year , the EU adopted more than 3 000 acts .
I do not understand why the United States can have a timetable according to which there will be no <unk> vessels transporting oil in its ports by 2010 and we cannot adopt a similar measure .
Might it have to do with the fact that the very starting point for the analysis has no basis in reality ?
I am , however , also convinced that participation in the <unk> Programme will be mainly political .
Furthermore , the notion of solidarity , which has always been an integral part of the make-up of the EU &apos;s financial institutions , is justified on the grounds that it is fair and that it seeks to promote a balanced and effective internal market .
Madam President , the Algerian government does not accept critical journalists .
We need to look at how water can be retained .
He has two alternatives – either acknowledge the Ukrainians ’ right to have their government and democratic state or <unk> blood and be left with blood on his hands like <unk> .
They are voices preserving a <unk> of hope for the future , the voices of people who really are counting on us to act upon our resolutions .
Mr President , I would like to begin by expressing my generally negative view of the report presented by Mrs Figueiredo , since its content runs counter to the economic and social policy advocated by the Group of the European People ’ s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats .
It was also important for me to observe that the specifically rural areas are involved , that the candidate countries through which the EU is to be enlarged are involved and that the significance of <unk> profit organisations &apos; in the service of the public is clearly expressed .
With regard to your report , we see it as a positive step that we are still on the Lisbon road ; it is a long road , which you make as you go along , as the poet <unk> <unk> said .
At the moment the troika delegation is in Cairo , tomorrow it will be in <unk> , and the day after tomorrow in Tel Aviv .
Having been Minister for the <unk> , and hence also for energy , for six years , I know what I am talking about here .
We are currently debating the Seventh Framework Programme for Research , but does the Commission have any overall scheme for implementing it ?
The only sensible way of getting away from this incredible waste is to reduce the subsidy directly .
I am convinced that Europe will only be social when a social dimension is added to economic policy , competition policy , external policy and the entire enlargement discussion .
Secondly , I should like to point out that it is important for the proposal on emissions trading to be taken into consideration .
As a result of compulsory periodic tendering for operators , the people who work there could lose their jobs when the contract expires .
That is why the Committee on Women &apos;s Rights asked for an analysis of the causes of this tremendous gap : part-time working , <unk> , parental leave , household responsibilities , etc .
Madam President , I am delighted to at least have the opportunity of contributing to this debate on behalf of the PPE , and firstly to congratulate Mr Berenguer Fuster for the work that he has done in relation to this report .
Ladies and gentlemen , we shall now proceed to the vote .
This is true of Amendments Nos 1 and 22 , and of many others I shall not mention individually .
Once this <unk> and these nice sentiments have been applied to the galling <unk> of real life , our rapporteur becomes well aware that sport is not a cultural phenomenon but a political and strategic instrument used to <unk> the citizen , who is made to forget the loss of his civic powers through a form of <unk> training developing age-old <unk> .
Since there is not or not yet a chapter on energy in the Treaty , even though energy policy is in the common interest of us all , the legal basis must be the one that relates most closely to the subject concerned .
This is a fundamental point .
There is a greater need today for Member States to work together and exchange information , in order , among other things , to confront the international crime that feeds this trade .
The manufacturers say , with some justification , that it is surely not consistent with the <unk> principle to expect present-day manufacturers to pay for the recovery of a <unk> which has been hanging in someone &apos; s <unk> and which was produced twenty years ago by some <unk> or other who is no longer in business .
The importance of transparency and of the adequate supervision of the EIB group is something that has always enjoyed Parliament &apos;s <unk> attention .
However , I wonder whether this might not be a weak spot if referendums are held and when the new Treaty comes to be debated by the national parliaments .
I want to draw his attention to another crucial machinery category , which is also partly affected by this directive , which is the whole issue about <unk> machinery .
Do you know what the Roman <unk> was doing during that winter of <unk> ?
It is true that these concepts are , like all science , not fixed in stone , but it is equally clear that science needs to find an answer not only for the authorities , but above all for consumers , and that answer must reconcile those two facts .
It comprises a political commitment by all Member States to a long-term investment in Europe &apos;s most important resource - its human resources .
Question No 4 by ( <unk> / 01 ) : One of the surprising conclusions was that we did not really <unk> behind the USA in any area except one , and that was services , services from the lowest to the highest level .
In that amendment we said that it was regrettable that Commissioner Solbes had not taken political responsibility from day one .
Mr Le Pen yesterday asked to be treated like a citizen .
Recital E , in particular , to the effect that &apos; ... the citizens of Europe do not understand the historic endeavour of the Union to bring peace , security and prosperity to the entire continent &apos; is <unk> <unk> .
Many Member States will need to go on a serious economy drive and prioritise the setting up of funds in order to keep the cost of pensions affordable and to keep the rise in gross average earnings within limits .
Many pensioners in the old Member States enjoy a <unk> retirement , because the governments of these countries have <unk> so that the workers are required to support them at a certain level , while many people who make do with a low wage when they are working in the benefit of society are in danger of falling below the poverty line once they reach retirement .
The thrust of the Guidelines should apply equally to the use of European military and civil defence assets in any humanitarian operation .
This is not our appraisal ; it is the appraisal of the International Air Transport Agency .
Let us not forget that 80 % of maritime accidents can be directly attributed to human errors or omissions .
As you know , these undertakings provide for rules and procedures , which effectively restrict the use of PNR data by the United States authorities .
We must therefore guarantee that carriers are exempted from penalties in relation to asylum seekers with a view to creating an area of freedom , security and justice .
If we introduce a permanent ban for birds we will have to consider how and why they are treated differently from all other species , like <unk> and <unk> , because we have a comprehensive policy .
That is what we need to work on and that is what we need to build on , because I greatly fear that any other effort we make to create an alternative will fail and will be a final failure which will be at the expense of the unification and progress of the European Union .
However , we think that drugs legislation is a national matter ; it is thus not desirable , let alone possible , to force the Member States to harmonise their drugs policies .
At the same time , an international initiative needs to be taken to <unk> the peace process between Israel and Syria .
<unk> into fraud is most important , as some speakers have pointed out , but prevention is equally important and the Commission intends to confront this challenge head on , together with the 15 Member States .
Mr President , I wish to notify the House that there is a mistake on the voting list as to where Amendment 24 <unk> .
This year , an initial decision has been taken to provide EUR 8 million funding , due to be adopted soon .
I presume that in this report we shall not only emphasise the need for our involvement but shall also make sound proposals to that end .
I believe we all share the same aim : to protect young people and society as a whole as best we can against drugs and drug consumption .
The Presidency intends to propose further discussions on all these matters in the course of the final meetings of the IGC .
This is all the more deplorable when we consider that numerous patients are awaiting the development of new therapies which may offer possibilities to many of them .
For example , pensioners from the banking sector could teach new employees how to manage the bank &apos; s money and achieve good results , and a similar process could be introduced in other sectors : there should be more pensioners in vocational training and lifelong learning .
It is the Commission &apos;s intention to include them all in a proposal for a fundamental revision of the regulations which we presented at the end of the year .
I challenge your presidency to stand up for our Union &apos;s values by speaking for Europe as a whole at the EU-US summit on the issue of the remaining Guantanamo Bay detainees .
Mr President , Commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , I wish to start by congratulating the rapporteurs , Mr Sacrédeus , Mrs Rühle and specifically Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou , on whose report I wish to speak .
Europe must become important for its citizens .
The risk assessment model is not recognised by international organisations responsible for food safety and public health such as the WHO , which considers it scientifically flawed .
One solution would be to involve local people from the outset in all restructuring plans for which aid is intended , but we can see few really positive examples of this .
Lastly , I have to say that we would like to strengthen the institutional dimension of this partnership , giving the Parliamentary Assembly a leading role , involving ourselves in the initiative too and strengthening the two institutions proposed by the Commission , namely the Bank and the Foundation .
My second comment concerns <unk> <unk> .
The expectations generated by the euro are <unk> companies to <unk> their choice as a sign of efficiency and <unk> , as is occurring for instance in my country .
To this day , it is impossible for critical journalists to do their jobs .
Although in September 1998 , it was agreed not to provide any budgetary aid to countries at war , in March 2000 the Commission provided Rwanda with EUR 110 million , while this country is occupying considerable parts of the Democratic Republic of Congo , in defiance of the peace agreements .
On the contrary , it is as if the Community were doing its best to penalise its own tuna fleet and its own processing industry and to favour the fleet and industry in third countries .
My view is that it was an absolute democratic disgrace that , at the recent Brussels Summit , all 25 Heads of State and Government agreed to end the period of reflection and to begin to implement the Constitution against the wishes that the Dutch and French people expressed in their referendums last year .
In fact , on 17 July , the Commission adopted the Erasmus World project , which will authorise the creation of links between our universities , at <unk> &apos; degree level .
Mr President , I would prefer to speak this evening , or in the continuation , because you cannot hear yourself think here .
Last year this rose from five definitive judgments to 61 .
The United Kingdom confirmed that members of the <unk> , in respect of their core duties as <unk> , are <unk> and not employees under UK employment law .
We have also come a long way in respect of launching the Eurodac system .
That is why where the WTO is concerned , we should not only consider involving and integrating the ILO in this process and reflect on how we might better structure it , but should also and especially bring the social dialogue and the social partners to the fore .
That obviously violates the Treaty right away .
An investigation should be carried out to establish the extent to which each of the Member States is receiving more from the Community than it apparently should .
It should not be allowed to take part in the Commonwealth Games .
I still have a great deal of difficulty really understanding the substance of what has been agreed for the next decade .
For example , the Montreal Agreement of 1966 increased the limit to USD 75 000 for all flights to , from , or with a planned <unk> in the United States .
Nonetheless , it is clear that several countries in the region significantly increased their revenue from steel products in 1998 .
Our group has drafted some oral questions on this point for the next part-session .
I believe his own personal safety is at risk and I hope that when Parliament votes on this resolution that the <unk> Government will be made aware of the serious concern we have for Father Cullen &apos;s personal safety and for his campaign to protect these very much <unk> children .
Our financial control system does not have the quantity of payments that the Commission has and therefore things are more manageable .
So I think we make too much of that issue .
I found out only in passing that the text today being presented to the European Parliament is not the same as the one that the Committee voted for .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , what do we do in this event ?
It then went back to the Bureau , and the Bureau made the decision on the basis of what , I assume , the Conference of Presidents had requested .
I should also like to point out that an increasing number of horizontal votes between the ACP countries and the EU representation have been held .
Following the outbreak of the second Chechnya conflict in September 1999 , the European Union has taken and maintained a clear position on the issue of respect for human rights .
Has the EU become a State ?
Consequently we must question the Council &apos;s <unk> in seeking to address what is a major area of concern throughout the European Union .
Even if extensive farming and ecological interests were to go and be given slightly better conditions , it would still be unfair to third countries , the new EU countries and EU citizens .
Mr President , in general terms this House shares the concern expressed in Mrs <unk> &apos; s question .
There is no question that this result can be interpreted in many different ways .
Mr President , a technical directive being is amended and there are many aspects being addressed by different speakers .
We therefore need to provide additional resources to the other two categories , or at least to the third .
I trust the Council will take this message on board ; as for Parliament , I think that , with Mr Berend &apos;s report , we are moving in the right direction .
It was specifically for that reason that in July the Bureau of this Parliament decided to introduce a number of reforms .
In the United States the <unk> Treaty has already entered into force , having been <unk> into law by means of the Digital Millennium <unk> Act and there they have managed to retain the delicate balance of the Treaty by means of this legislation .
We think that conditions have been created for economic and cultural relations to develop on a basis of cooperation and mutual benefit between the People &apos; s Republic of China , specifically through Macao , and the European Union and its Member States .
The WTO &apos;s lack of decision-making power also causes problems regarding sustainable development .
We are in the process of renewing and modernising these agreements , making them more relevant and increasing the focus on social development .
I look forward to early Estonian membership .
If the Commission demands equal treatment of workers , some nations will still just say ‘ no ’ , or if they are persuaded to say ‘ yes ’ they will easily find ways of <unk> .
Could the Commission <unk> us as to when we might expect that common position ?
I wish you every <unk> of conviction and determination on this issue , but I will watch with interest to see the outcome .
The probability is that this will create even more bureaucracy .
Secondly , of course our citizens want protection against crime and terrorism , but there is a very poor level of democratic scrutiny in the area of police and judicial cooperation .
Subject : <unk> by Mrs <unk> against a Member State Mr President , first of all I should like to thank the rapporteur for the quality of his report and for the excellent cooperation .
It is not just in Nigeria , but today we are focusing on Nigeria .
This Agency , which will be made up of some 100 people , will be responsible for promoting the work of the technical approximation of rail systems and will be independent , although it will work in close cooperation with experts in the sector .
We have a very favourable attitude to the constructive elements of the Schengen Agreements , but we want a guarantee that these arrangements will have a basis in Community law with parliamentary control .
There is no trace of a uniform method guaranteeing that operators have taken all the steps necessary to avoid contamination , nor is there a requirement for an authority certifying that these measures have been carried out , nor , moreover , is there consistency between the levels of contamination permitted .
It may well be that even if we recognise there are costs involved , we feel the legislation is very important .
On the basis of all that , we conclude that Iran is presenting itself on the international stage as the leading authority of the Islamic <unk> against the West , and that it therefore intends to assert its own military might over that of the other Muslim nations .
I am not the only one who is worried .
For months – for months – I have done my utmost , like everyone else , in good faith and <unk> in the promises made by the Greek Cypriot Government , to establish parameters which would enable the Greek Cypriots to endorse this plan .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission considers this initiative on <unk> to be an important one and one which , to some extent , illustrates the high level of cooperation already existing in this area .
We believe our proposal will speed up the necessary research , if it is taken seriously .
<unk> us at least one week to consult and consider how we will vote .
Firstly , the European institutions must be better represented at world radio conferences .
We consider that implementing measures should only contain detailed technical rules , not principles .
We often discuss that within the delegation .
This communication was to draw conclusions from the positions of Parliament and of the Council on the Commission &apos;s 1997 Green Paper .
What is more , the foreign policy choices made by <unk> during the Gulf War did not help to create a climate in which the country would be accepted into the international community .
We need a framework here that promises a <unk> chance for all .
As far as the question of the source of the contamination is concerned , and I should point out that inquiries are still continuing in this regard , it can be assumed , based on the latest findings by the Public Prosecutor &apos;s Office in <unk> , that the cause of the crisis was a serious product contamination which took place in January of this year .
I note in this connection that R &amp; D aid and other types of aid allowed under the shipbuilding regulation - because , as you know , there are several - will not result in the same level of aid as offered by operating aid .
Secondly , I should like to comment on cooperation in the field of internal security .
I am very pleased about this .
Europe must be prepared to consult with America on joint , stringent environmental standards in the short term , but must not accept delays or give in to short-sightedness .
This <unk> to 10 % of the world &apos;s population , and there is a direct link between disability on the one hand and poverty and social exclusion on the other .
A ministerial conference will be held by the end of 2001 at which the <unk> commitments should be turned into specific pledges .
The compromise system would not allow the movements of an individual sheep to be <unk> .
Can the Commission tell us why it has not yet communicated the regulations to be followed ?
The second part of the communication clarifies the conditions under which a Member State can appeal to the public interest in imposing restrictions on banking institutions .
Indeed , whether the agreement will be announced after the European elections or whether it is achieved a <unk> before does not change much .
On the other hand , however , we need this independence to be <unk> over the medium- and long-term , first and foremost , also as far as minority issues are concerned , and I believe that for our part , our presence must be anticipated for many years to come .
I hope that Parliament can now take a positive decision , to enable Slovenia to catch up with the other associated countries which have stolen a <unk> on it in their relations with the European Union .
But there is one more point I would like to make .
Finally , on behalf of my own Group of the Party of European Socialists and of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , I have tabled an amendment that makes it possible to exempt agriculture and forestry from the limit values for <unk> <unk> .
Of course , we did not support it .
My one criticism of this agreement , seen from the point of view of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs , is that it is so detailed and is broken down into so many points that it takes much of the flexibility away from the annual budgetary procedure .
I have , myself , on quite a few occasions had the opportunity to see the Agency &apos; s work at first hand , and I view it as a model of efficiency , as does Mr Lagendijk too .
We now have a so-called <unk> &apos; , requiring that any Irish military involvement in international missions overseas has to have in every case a UN mandate , as well as the approval of both the Irish Government and the <unk> or Irish Parliament .
Furthermore both parties are committed to set up , inter alia , cooperation in economic , scientific , industrial , educational , social , audiovisual , cultural and regional areas , and to create political dialogue , including certain institutional provisions .
The SAVE I programme which ended in 1995 was initially devised as an energy efficiency programme .
I welcome the fact that exceptions have been made for shops associated with <unk> institutions and <unk> organisations , as well as for articles sold as <unk> goods at markets or car <unk> sales .
I hope that the same can happen with the building in Strasbourg and that work on that can begin during the next term of office .
As far as I am concerned , this is simply not acceptable .
I am intrigued to see Commissioner Lamy here this afternoon .
We have a classic situation here where ideas are <unk> not by suppressing them but by ignoring them .
The relationship is vitally important for both sides but , please , a little less arrogance by <unk> Europeans &apos; towards <unk> Americans &apos; .
Moreover , ladies and gentlemen , these ideas are completely in line with what we have been saying for a long time .
What will growing dependence on , and the need for , energy , which is already the norm in the EU , mean for European human rights policy ?
Firstly , that perhaps the way in which the <unk> Project was implemented - a first phase in the Mediterranean and then another phase in the Atlantic - meant that during the Mediterranean phase immigration was diverted towards the Atlantic and during the Atlantic phase it was diverted towards the Mediterranean , and therefore in practice the effect was minimal .
Lastly , it sets out the commitment to promote education for peace and human development .
So some degree of flexibility has to be maintained .
Today &apos;s new means of communication bring with them new kinds of problems .
If we do not manage to achieve any results in the Convention , and transfer this task to the Intergovernmental Conference , the outcome of that conference will owe less to the Community method than what we can achieve in the Convention .
I was also asked if it is possible to judge whether Parliament &apos;s opinions have been sufficiently taken into account when decisions are adopted .
Like the ports , the railways are also part of the transport chain and are therefore under an obligation to develop sustainable transport .
I detect an <unk> of annoyance in Mr <unk> &apos;s questions , but perhaps I can ease that annoyance to a large extent by telling him that members of the European Commission can in no way be called civil servants .
We must not <unk> off our own powers and responsibilities onto the Member States , who are responsible for implementation .
One of President Arafat &apos;s <unk> <unk> summed up their mutual interests : territories in exchange for peace .
It has already been observed that employment increases with the growth of the economy - as is shown by a number of recommendations which I fully endorse on the quality of employment , equal rights for men and women , jobs and so forth .
Secondly , if EU citizens are to know about the EU they require information .
Certainly , if we had a solid rural policy in the Community today , we would already have gone a long way , not least for tobacco growers .
In this context , we have welcomed the White Paper on European Governance , as well as the Secretary-General of the Council &apos; s intention to present proposals to the European Council in Barcelona aimed at improving the functioning of the Council .
I believe that it is absolutely essential to be particularly vigilant and prudent , and to think too of our farmers , who are in fact asking us to have a little more confidence in them .
I wish to <unk> this by a few specific points .
Research is mentioned only in connection with support for research into individual technologies .
Secondly , we call for better integration for deaf people , and there are five things that will help us to achieve this .
The budgetary procedure set up by the Treaty should be the high point of collaboration between the institutions concerned .
As regards the other reports , I want to mention only the question of intervention in <unk> , which the Commission proposes should be done away with and not replaced .
But there are certainly others waiting to be released and so one hopes that the Syrian government , not least in the light of the fact that negotiations are due to start in the near future about a possible further association agreement within the <unk> programme , will take note of this and act accordingly to release the people where no charge has been preferred .
Just ten years ago , on 8 April 1990 , the first free , democratic elections were held in Slovenia , a high point in the <unk> spring .
The attitude of the French Government demonstrates how France and Germany will respond to the <unk> of the European institutions , if they do so at all .
His commitment to the European ideal lives on in this report to Parliament .
The problem of language training the participants will necessarily have to have has been dealt with ; the concept of exchange and training has been better explained ; in particular , several suggestions have been put forward which in some way extend the scope of the programme , favourably in our opinion .
How will the situation develop ?
I think perhaps I ought to be pleased by what you told me in your answer , but because we do not have to hand here all those figures you mentioned , at the end of the day I understood quite clearly that , indeed , what I asked about in my question is true , is it not ?
It cannot be that the Council takes three months , while Parliament only has two or three days to play its part in the nomination of the President .
I wish to tell the Commission - and I am sorry that Mrs <unk> is not here at the moment - that one of the European Union &apos; s priorities with regard to the environment should not only be the fight against pollution and fires , but also , above all , a policy of caring for the forests .
In its report and also here today , the Commission has unambiguously admitted that the harmonisation of patent law on biotechnology is no longer a given , as some Member States impose very clear limits on the multifunctionality of genes .
I am <unk> with two aspects .
I have received three motions for resolutions to wind up the debate , tabled pursuant to Rule 40 ( 5 ) .
The process of drawing up EU budgets has in the past demonstrated a discrepancy between the Community ’ s political priorities and the funding earmarked for them , and this has led to a certain degree of <unk> .
I am certain , for example , about paragraph 5 of our report , which is about teaching Europe in schools , explaining it , <unk> it and <unk> it , and doing so in a lively way involving dialogues , exchanges and visits .
Unfortunately the Americans have a strong Government that knows what it wants and has laid down a political line , and we still do not have a real decisionmaking body to guide foreign policy for us .
I would now like to emphasise a few points specifically about the mission in Congo .
The third issue that I wish to emphasise is the restoration of and compensation for property because , even though the law on this issue was passed back in 2004 , there is a problem of lack of transparency , abuse and procedural irregularities .
The virtual state of war Cuba has been in for years has suddenly become all too real .
The Committee on Petitions <unk> the role of <unk> on behalf of the Parliament .
The occupation has actually been condemned both by the United Nations and by the European Union .
Mr President , Minister , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , when the issue of animal welfare is mentioned , no one in Europe thinks of cats in <unk> at the airport , no one thinks of horses being transported to the Olympic Games on the other side of the world , and no one thinks of birds in <unk> on <unk> window <unk> .
It is high time that we stuck to the decisions taken by this House .
In fact , the Structural Funds have , on numerous occasions , been used as a means of <unk> cohesion and fostering asymmetric development .
However , I believe that a better solution has been found to compensate the Member States for the loss of VAT income resulting from these differences in rates , a solution which I consider to be satisfactory .
The number of drug addicts in the region is estimated at 15 , 000 , or 10 % of the French total ; the population of the region represents 2.5 % of the population of France , so that <unk> sadly has four times as many drug addicts as the national average .
Now , they will be given the opportunity also to acquire some insight into circumstances which do not receive the special attention of the mass media and special interest groups and , in that way , they will be better able to participate in the open and democratic debate which is so important to confidence in the EU .
But it is also Mercosur , an ambitious project , and the Free Trade Treaty with Mexico , Canada and the United States .
As to the amendments which have been proposed , we agreed last week not to support any amendments , and I say this mainly for colleagues like Mr Brinkhorst .
I think that the Council <unk> us an answer regarding how the common projects can be made a reality .
Thus , we will be taking action in this field , too .
We must , however , ensure that in the wake of the debate on the White Paper , the fear of a bureaucratic Europe which concerns itself with the quality of products without doing anything effective to combat fraud that threatens the health of the consumer is not reinforced in the mind of the public .
The reform process needs objectivity and a calm and <unk> approach , not the climate of guerrilla warfare that has broken out .
The debate is closed .
.
Any positive action in this field is conceivable only if the Member States and the public really take <unk> of the fact that money from Brussels is not someone else &apos;s money .
Is the French government , by its inaction , trying by any chance to ruin the mixed economy ?
<unk> of the final form which the model takes , we should take into account the following points : granting models without examination would cause great legal insecurity .
The Member States will therefore not keep the promises they made at the donor conference for Afghanistan , despite the fact that it is increasingly turning out that these promises were on the low side anyway .
Unfortunately , in real economics structural reforms mean a reduction in expenditure for social programmes , which make up the largest proportion in the state finance structure .
Let us hope that this reconstruction will be more than just material .
These negotiations are certainly more than crucial for Europe .
As emphasised in our draft report , this standpoint is clearly reiterated in our communication , and I know there are ongoing contacts between Parliament , the Council and the Commission in order to resolve this particular issue .
I am particularly happy that the European Union and the 77 ACP countries agreed to include in the revised Cotonou Agreement a commitment to take steps to ratify and implement the Statute .
I would like to stress two of them .
In Greece , the economic convergence criteria have been met , as a result of a stabilisation policy implemented most consistently by the Greek authorities since 1996 .
We still have a considerable diversity of species in the water and on land .
The suspension of trade concessions , which are sometimes wrongly referred to as sanctions , is the last resort for a State which uses the dispute settlement procedure where the State that is at fault has breached either the agreements or the decisions taken under the WTO dispute settlement procedure .
Madam President , I should like briefly to pick up on two points .
Those are the governments which no longer believe the nonsense about the <unk> <unk> of the sovereign state and which were <unk> at Nice by the <unk> that went on there .
This is a case of treating people not as illegal immigrants , but rather as victims of a modern form of slavery who must therefore be protected .
Not only is <unk> the <unk> of American fast-track SMEs but it is also the home to European companies <unk> for capital .
Nonetheless , it is a fact that there are still a great number of other obstacles which hamper mobility .
What are the concrete measures that should be taken ?
We are witnessing the slow <unk> of a wonderful nation and a wonderful people .
For my part , I must urge Mr Mohamed Alí not to be concerned .
In practice , however , the problems revealed are the same as those highlighted by other reports .
It is hard to imagine coordinated rescue efforts between Poland and Belarus , for example , or cooperation within river <unk> between the relevant authorities .
We found out , as one of my colleagues put it , that the process was perfect .
We are concerned here with the social dialogue , youth cooperation , the combined fight against crime etc .
At the same time , we would request the Council and Commission to provide the European Parliament with continuous and comprehensive updates on the mutual effects this agreement has .
They are a constant source of criminality , <unk> and <unk> people , endangering the life and <unk> even of children .
Besides the specific initiative of the culture programme , I can name a host of support activities through which we are helping to ensure that the book publishing and distribution trades achieve their own digital revolution ; in this way , we are pursuing the very aims that our rapporteur has set out .
It seems that at least EUR 1 billion is needed annually , but for the moment this sum has not been allocated , and at the same time there is talk of EUR 200 million to be taken , supposedly , from the margin relating to appropriations for Kosovo and Serbia .
We should all work together on this , as far as both investment and replacement compounds are concerned .
At this point I would just like to thank the rapporteur , <unk> <unk> , for his extremely <unk> and responsible approach .
The dilemma facing the European Union is that it does not have effective security instruments at its disposal , does not have the military backbone , to lend credibility to its demands for a political solution to the Kosovo crisis .
<unk> of certain projects on the environment Despite the efforts by the European Parliament - in particular the rapporteur , <unk> Mouskouri , and the committee - to increase the budget following the conciliation process , the Council &apos;s surprising lack of dynamism or rather that of one or two Member States , means that not one more <unk> has been added to the budget of this programme which undoubtedly is a very special instrument for <unk> the cultural diversity that the Council is so attached to .
Whatever Mr McCreevy said , I think what we did yesterday was in many ways wrong .
We must also decide how much solidarity has to be agreed on at European level because the mere fact that one country happens to be situated at an external border should not mean that that country should necessarily have to bear the whole burden of any measures that are agreed on .
That is why I voted for all the amendments aiming to exclude port services such as piloting , mooring and freight handling from the scope of the liberalisation proposed by the directive .
President Ahtisaari has just started his work and is engaged in <unk> diplomacy in Belgrade , Pristina and with the international community .
I should point out that it does not come within the Council &apos;s competence to undertake the specific actions proposed by the honourable Member .
When an investment is made its impact on the health economy must also be calculated , in terms of fewer people ill , fewer people with lung disease , fewer people in receipt of social security and less spending on health .
I have tremendous problems with the latest development in particular .
The Committee on Fisheries stresses the need to avoid any risk of <unk> in the funding of the very important activities concerned , and the need to extend support for such activities to the aquaculture sector .
Mr President , Commissioner , last week Cyprus was in the news in connection with the violence in Kosovo in a rather <unk> way .
Are we forgetting the cruelty they suffered under Communist regimes , and under others too ?
I find it nothing short of dishonest that it makes the percentage of waste recycled dependent on the amounts collected , but does not wish to take part in collecting the waste itself .
In addition , completely or partially excluding journalists from the scope of the directive would mean harmonising the definition of <unk> &apos; at Community level , not a very easy task and something we do not wish to do .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I wish to thank Mr Eurlings for a skilfully produced report .
What is even more serious is the fact that the Dutch presidency also opposes the idea of Parliament having such powers , and made its views so plain that a motion was adopted in the Netherlands parliament calling the Dutch presidency to order on this point .
There is bound to be doubt as to whether this was the right approach .
That is why we have tried to improve some aspects , in particular with the amendment to Article 3 , <unk> 4 , where we are introducing a hierarchy in the way the consumer can claim or recover his losses when his agreement is broken .
Today , due to globalisation and the ease of travel , we must contemplate the fact that , one day , the Convention might be applied by whole populations or millions of refugees who would <unk> our countries .
This is in respect of the reality of ownership .
It is important that we should be able , on 10 and 13 June , to present the voters with a constitution that will show us the way to get through this twenty-first century in peaceful cooperation , as our continent is peacefully integrated .
Most of the institutions and bodies have also adopted a code of good administrative behaviour .
We cannot , however , say that we are satisfied .
I believe in a vigorous long-term campaign to provide information , influence attitudes and promote education in schools , within the health care sector and among road users , and I believe especially in the public education carried out by national campaigning organisations etc .
So what should we do ?
I note and share the rapporteur &apos;s concern about the environment , and I would suggest a gradual and appropriate approach to withdrawing support from farms that are not <unk> friendly &apos; .
Mr President , my group will vote partly in favour , partly against .
We must be sure of what we want .
We know that one in four <unk> are attributable to late payment ; one in five businesses would export more if this problem were solved .
Of these one third are unemployed , one third are pensioners , and one third are in work .
As the European Parliament and perhaps also as representatives of the Member States , we can agree under these circumstances , and with a clear conscience , to the results of Agenda 2000 and the decision-making procedure regarding this .
To that end , we , the European Union , have our own contribution to make in the Mediterranean region .
<unk> and strategic organization are preferable to a purely logistical reduction in the number of topics .
It was always important to us that there should , in this regulatory framework , be special arrangements made for small banks , in order that they should not be squeezed out of the competition ; take for example the partial application , or the demand in the report that banks opting in future for the <unk> <unk> , should not be discriminated against by the national supervisory bodies .
Here too , Mr President , the Council of Ministers must take responsibility .
I hope I can get a satisfactory answer .
The EU has failed in the strategy which was supposed to turn Europe into the world ’ s most competitive knowledge economy , in the cooperation to combat bird flu and in the implementation of common foreign policy .
The Commissioner has just referred to the Doha Round , and he was right to do so , although assessments of it differ widely .
We have had the ECOFIN meeting and the General Affairs Council on Monday and Tuesday of this week .
If we have to wait for the figures , it will be a long time before anything happens .
I have had first-hand experience of their dedication and have appreciated the quality of our exchanges .
The next item is the presentation of the new Members of the enlarged European Commission .
I do not believe it would be a legitimate act for a British Government to sign us up to the Constitution on behalf of our people on these terms , and in those circumstances I should be perfectly happy not to qualify for this funding .
Everyone should know by now what is going to matter most in the future .
Mr President , unfortunately , as far as I am aware , our Rules make no provision for dealing with a Member who makes <unk> allegations about colleagues , particularly in the context of an election campaign , which this clearly is .
<unk> / 2001 by Mr Lannoye and others , on behalf of the Verts / ALE Group , on the human gene register ; In 1998 , the Member States signed the UN / ECE Convention on Access to Information , Public <unk> in <unk> and Access to Justice in Environmental Matters - the Aarhus Convention .
I am convinced that , despite the pictures we have seen on television , the majority of people in both Israel and Palestine want to live peacefully .
It is therefore imperative that everything possible be done to overcome this situation .
The Korean Energy Development Organisation , KEDO , was <unk> to meeting the country &apos;s needs and infrastructure , and this situation cannot be allowed to continue .
A number of the European Parliament &apos;s amendments were already adopted at first reading - we are now discussing the second reading .
From being the world &apos;s leading <unk> , the country now accounts for only 10 % of world trade in <unk> .
I would disagree with Mrs Maij-Weggen .
I do think , however , and here I also have the support of the rapporteur , that we must carry out the same controls here and apply standards in our own House which are just as tough as the ones we have imposed on the Commission .
( The President cut the speaker off ) So the Environment Committee supports the Commission proposal .
As rapporteur , I was in the second delegation , and I was very impressed by the number of petitioners and found not only what they said but also their trust in Europe ’ s response very moving .
We already know that employment in some Member States is facing a serious challenge .
One <unk> , however , is still the fact that the rules that apply to societies responsible for the collective management of intellectual property rights vary from one EU Member State to another .
Given that all the targets that we are again looking at in this House suggest that we wish casualties from motor vehicle accidents to decline significantly over the next ten years – by implication that suggests to me that the market in repair parts from accident damage , which is what we are talking about here , is likely to go down , not up – I would like to ask the Commissioner what his justification is for suggesting in this worthwhile proposal that it will be driven by growth markets .
Amendment No <unk> , in line 18 <unk> <unk> 02 , is accepted with an increase of EUR 2 million , rather than EUR 1 million .
Mr Tannock also calls on all parties involved to come to a political settlement of the long-standing Transnistria issue .
All in all , Madam President , these are two excellent reports which should be approved by the House .
It is very important to note that what we are doing in Hong Kong is not some obscure , abstract process .
I have no doubt , personally , that the timing of this attack on Baghdad was influenced not just by what was happening in Baghdad itself , but by developments in the peace process and in Palestine .
All that is true .
There , showing themselves to be fully in charge , they <unk> it .
In particular , the objectives of appointment and recruitment of female staff for Category A have <unk> been achieved in 1996 .
The need for this work remains as strong as it did four years ago .
We can do nothing other than support this country , Europe &apos; s very poorest .
It is an element of the Charter of Fundamental Rights and it refers to age , race , religion and sex .
I can assure the honourable Member that it does not in any way <unk> from our concern about this case for me to describe once again the position we find ourselves in .
Where collective defence is concerned , we attach importance to NATO &apos;s remaining the indispensable link binding the United States to Europe &apos;s security interests , and we continue to attach great importance to the maintenance of good transatlantic relations .
The Danish Presidency &apos;s ambition has , however , been firstly to work for a compromise capable of uniting those Member States that want to see the Employment Strategy considerably revised with those that want to see far fewer changes .
It will definitely help to engage women more in the decision-making process , because they will start feeling stronger once their socio-economic position improves .
This in turn will put the start of accession talks with the countries of Central and Eastern Europe at risk .
I am unable to support such an increase in MEPs &apos; pay .
Each of them agreed to compromise on something .
But once it starts , then things move very quickly .
But that is not for next year .
Today we are commemorating the victims of the <unk> terror in the countries occupied by the Third <unk> .
If , however , we do not <unk> globalisation , it may end up by <unk> a number of countries and a number of population groups in those countries .
I do believe that today the far right is indeed talking <unk> in regard to the establishment of European democracy and that the Constitution will be a step towards building that democracy .
I would also emphasize that cooperation between European institutions and the national parliaments needs to be improved .
What we want to achieve is not merely a wider geographical Union of 25 States , what we must achieve is a genuine political objective .
At the Convention , as a Member representing Scotland , I tried many times to alert colleagues to the significance of <unk> certain aspects of the common fisheries policy that are unacceptable to us .
We cannot become hostages to terrorism , because if we give in at this point , then we are actually inciting terrorists to <unk> our nationals and our representatives .
Mr President , I should like to make a correction to what Mrs Banotti has just said because we will be dealing with <unk> and <unk> commercial e-mails at a later plenary .
The Commission has proposed very modest changes to the unanimity rule in the form of qualified majority voting in the areas of simplification , modernisation , co-operation against fraud , and the establishment of a harmonised tax basis for company taxation .
Fortunately , we are able – and this is also topic of discussion here – to do a great deal within the parameters of the European Treaties .
The urgency is because an Italian deputy Public Prosecutor has issued a judgement which identifies the high-level air force authorities as being to blame for covering things up , keeping quiet and not saying what they knew , which prevented the truth coming to light about what happened almost twenty years ago .
Mr President , I regret that I must contradict Fernández Martín , a fellow member of the PPE Group , but the position with regard to our Group &apos;s decision was that we wished to reject the difficult Amendment No 6 .
We also confirmed the urgent need for an economic plan to revive the region &apos;s economy – which we named after the plan which brought about Europe ’ s recovery after the Second World War , the Marshall Plan – with the support of the G8 countries and the Member States of the European Union .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
We should be creating a situation where every citizen and business would at any moment in time be able to acquire information about how much state aid or regional aid has been granted to which project .
Thank you very much .
The shape of this proposal will be influenced by a number of factors .
Commissioner , I would be much obliged if you would continue the work on <unk> in this paper , should you be offered and accept the task , to ensure that SMEs are able to carry out maintenance work .
Mrs van Bladel , this is neither the time or place to raise that point , so I am not going to answer you in any way .
The amendments needed to make good the <unk> for which the committee is responsible have been tabled .
<unk> <unk> go <unk> ar <unk> <unk> <unk> , go <unk> <unk> <unk> na <unk> a <unk> le <unk> <unk> na <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I am about to finish .
We managed to get here , but might it be possible to tell the lift to go faster .
You will remember perfectly that on 16 December President Arafat made a speech in his own language , broadcast by television stations , as requested by the Members of the European Union , in which he called for a cease-fire , for peace and for the terrorist groups to stop their violent acts on behalf of the Palestinian Authority .
Tomorrow and the day after , the EU ’ s <unk> multi-annual budget will be discussed in the European Council , something that has already been discussed at length this morning .
I would argue that even what is proposed is <unk> than the recent <unk> Security Act passed in the United States , without much obvious protest from this House .
Even so , our rapporteurs themselves state there is a danger of collapse if no changes are made .
It was a <unk> to work through the night with you until twenty past four in the morning .
Economic growth will need to go hand in hand with a responsible use of natural resources .
Funds are channelled through Afghan NGOs and UN agencies .
This situation cannot be allowed to continue in our view .
A permanent dialogue has been conducted between the Council &apos;s successive Presidencies and the <unk> designated by Parliament , namely in the contact group set up to promote the negotiations between the two institutions .
With regard to the state of the European economy , the recovery which commenced in the spring of 1996 is gaining momentum and should lead to a process of <unk> growth .
This is why the Liberal Group supports it , confident in the hope that all the democratic groups in the House will adopt the same approach .
In fact , in the spring , when Hungary was already engaged in the pre-accession process and had already expressed its desire to take part in the MEDIA II programme as a full partner , it took the decision to authorise the installation of the <unk> broadcasting company , a subsidiary of the American company Time <unk> , broadcasting to Poland by satellite .
Madam President , harmonisation of social legislation in transport policy has been the focus of much attention from our committee and the Commission , and I am sure that everyone in this Chamber can see the problems .
I have serious reservations about the <unk> of the male beef <unk> .
A new stage in the development of the electricity market is beginning today in Europe , and I believe that it will constitute a very important positive message for the internal natural gas market , which will be addressed in the coming months .
In the light of this , there is only one route to go down , and that is one of total openness in our systems .
Who will be an honest broker and an <unk> with national governments – often both at the same time .
The new text , which we trust the European Parliament will adopt , reflects the outcome of systematic efforts by and successful cooperation between the three institutions of the European Union .
( The sitting was suspended at <unk> p. m. and resumed at 9.00 p. m . ) We have therefore launched a debate and sectoral investigation into interoperability .
Not only have the most serious doubts on safety been ignored , but also the fact that energy from nuclear sources is quite unnecessary in the Ukraine , and that these reactors represent an economic risk .
The report before us deals with the need for a legal definition of the right of asylum , but item 1 of this report contains what is , or ought to be , an extremely disturbing admission , especially for its author .
Even the Commission &apos;s original proposal , which , in my opinion , took proper account of industry and its needs , goes too far for the Council &apos;s taste .
It comes at a good time .
The members of this legislative Council must of course be politicians , not officials , with clear mandates from their respective governments .
The next item is the final version of the draft agenda , as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents , pursuant to Rule 110 of the Rules of Procedure .
Each of us who has been concerned with this issue knows that the Kyoto agreement is the result of a diplomatic deal .
It will not help however if everyone takes their region out and says that nothing should be done here and nothing should be done there .
It is going to take a long time to complete this work .
The Commission has agreed to forward to Parliament all the information laid down in the interinstitutional agreement that we already have in principle with the Commission .
The Swedish Conservatives have today voted in favour of the report on the effects of globalisation on the internal market .
<unk> are that the negotiations will soon run <unk> as a result of the delay in Cyprus ’ <unk> and the ongoing tensions between Turkey and Cyprus that result from that .
These concerns are , however , only partially justified .
Quite rightly , he raises the issue of the <unk> concept being based on human rights considerations , not on diplomatic links .
I therefore told them that again , that was no good .
Madam President , well done Mr Tindemans !
It is consultative in that its main task is to draw up non-binding opinions for the Commission and to prepare the ground <unk> for decisions to be taken .
That is the essential subject of this debate and of the compromise motion for a resolution of which I am a joint signatory , in the hope that the Tunisian Government will put an end to its policy of harassment and restriction of liberty against defenders of human rights and will respect freedom of opinion , expression and association .
It is important , under the pre-accession strategy for such countries , to provide instruments like this which help to educate people about Europe and give them an understanding of Community policies and their operation .
I am simply the <unk> who <unk> the rules and , as you will appreciate , we cannot extend proceedings indefinitely .
Madam President , the European Parliament has , on a number of occasions , expressed strong feeling about this matter and declared itself to be opposed to the use of laboratory animals when experiments are <unk> of experiments which have already been carried out in other <unk> advanced countries , when alternative , internationally approved methods exist and when the products in question are not strictly necessary , as in the case of cosmetics .
The vote will take place on Wednesday at 11.30 a. m . In our judgment this would not be harmful to the industry &apos;s development .
The definition is a good one , but it needs to be used more systematically in future .
I know that you will only be able to persuade the Heads of Government to accept this with the backing of your own institution , and with our support .
Unfortunately , though , that has not been possible ; that is something we have to live with .
Such a separation must be <unk> as quickly as possible , as it is a prerequisite for different transport firms being able to compete with each other on the same terms as apply within other forms of transport .
This time , the Parliament should explicitly name those services and departments of the Commission that could take up the <unk> and exert more pressure on Mr Santer to rise to this challenge .
And that is the crux of the issue : the definition provided is <unk> to the extent that rights to defence and the protection of persons may well be open to threat .
I also expressly support the extension of the directive , agreed to by a significant majority of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , to include dangerous substances in addition to volatile organic compounds present in paints , <unk> and vehicle <unk> products .
Mr President March 2002 , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , it is effectively eEurope that is in the hot seat this evening , if I may say so , and I shall in particular address the full <unk> of <unk> mobile communications .
The first is that I believe that the costs of all security measures at airports should be split between those who use the airports and the Member States , for the measures put in place at airports are not primarily for the benefit of the individual passenger , but serve to avert dangers to all and sundry ; that , traditionally , is one of the functions of the state , and it is the state that should pay for it to be done .
Finally , I hope that sustainable development will not remain an empty <unk> where it involves our own European policy on sugar , cotton or rice , for that is what we will be judged on .
They are in danger of being <unk> at any time by the American secret services and by who knows what other mysterious forces , and of suffering the same fate as Mr Öcalan .
The Social Fund has certainly improved our <unk> institutions , financed our <unk> certificate programmes and put in place comprehensive schemes to help combat youth and long-term unemployment , assist early school <unk> and promote higher standards of adult literacy .
As you know , in December the European Council decided that accession negotiations could only be opened on 17 March , if there was full cooperation with the Hague Tribunal .
Therefore , particularly at a time when over 90 % of the most frequently visited web sites are in the USA and about 70 % of e-commerce is <unk> in the USA , I can only urge you to vote for this proposal .
On the issue of the legal base - this is a health issue of course , but it is also far more than that .
If we are truly to encourage competitiveness , innovation and entrepreneurship throughout Europe , we must have a strong science and research capacity .
I will just underline the strength of my agreement with everything the High Representative has said .
Secondly , in assessing whether a Member State has reached sustainable public finances , the costs of ageing should be taken into account .
As you are aware , the European Council has shown its strong determination to fight against organised crime and has demonstrated the need for a coherent and coordinated approach by adopting in June 1997 an Action Plan to <unk> <unk> <unk> .
Question No 5 by <unk> <unk> ( <unk> / 96 ) Apart from that , we feel that , as regards the forms of application you propose , the interpretation is too restrictive .
In our opinion , employment policy has been shown to be <unk> and a factor which <unk> the crisis .
Mr President , Mr Napolitano has hit the nail on the head on this issue .
We thank the Vice-President of the Commission for his explanation of what happened in Tampere and for his optimistic view of what took place there .
Yet the new common position of the Council , which has been taken up by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens &apos; Rights , substantially <unk> the actual text which we adopted , and the changes tend to weaken the ethics by broadening still further the field of application of patents .
This is not clear to me in your reply .
For this purpose , the Commission will be presenting the European Council in Amsterdam with an action plan on the internal market .
If just one of those countries were to find themselves in crisis , the whole picture would be affected .
This is a somewhat unusual commitment , but if we take the situation into account we can easily understand why it has been established .
The public &apos;s perception of hunger is very often the <unk> one of famine .
I want to point this out so that we can stop the circulation of <unk> facts .
We do , of course , realise that we rightly wish that all Muslim countries in the world were structured like Turkey and that we would then have fewer problems , especially in the light of 11 September .
We also propose measures aimed at streamlining fiscal procedures , increasing coordination and improving the effectiveness of tax policy .
However , it is not only the radical structural reform of the Commission , for which Parliament has put forward concrete proposals , that is at issue ; we also have to recognise that the European Parliament must be <unk> in the same way in order to do justice to its tasks .
I stress ‘ the whole of Europe ’ and not just the European Union .
Hamas needs USD 170 million a month to pay its wage bill .
The European Union has taken the lead role in working with the countries of the Western Balkans to consolidate peace and stability in the region , and to promote economic development and the respect for human rights and the rule of law .
I therefore hope that the Chamber will safeguard the exceptions for libraries and for people with disabilities so that we do not undermine democracy by <unk> people off from information .
With all due respect for everything this contains , which I am sure Mr Dimitrakopoulos is already perfectly familiar with , I would like to try to give him a rather more <unk> reply .
Mr President , on Thursday Parliament is going to vote at second reading on a budget that complies perfectly with the current Interinstitutional Agreement .
Consequently , the number of requests for documents has considerably increased .
For the rest , with regard to the employment summit , I am grateful to all those who have noted that the presidency has taken up all of Parliament &apos;s suggestions since , on <unk> Parliament &apos;s report on the employment summit , I can find no guideline which has not been taken up in the guidelines proposed by the presidency and taken up by the European Council , apart from a few <unk> elements that we were unable to take up but which we have replaced with other similar elements .
Now that women are fully involved in the production process and <unk> men at European universities , there is no excuse to exclude them from <unk> and decision-making processes , nor is it right that women should bear the burden of family obligations and <unk> alone .
We rightly still have concerns about China ’ s human rights record , but , as the Council said , things are moving in the right direction .
That is precisely why I consider the report to be an ideal basis for our future work on this issue , which is also why I am going to vote in favour of it tomorrow .
It is not surprising that we have heard that there are elements indicating that the signals sent by these <unk> <unk> affect the movements of <unk> of fish , which could carry them to dangerous zones that threaten their very existence .
It also extends the untying of aid to all aid sectors , including food aid .
It tells the story of a group of construction workers from my own region , a region of high unemployment , who live in a <unk> on the construction site in which they are working in Germany .
We all are aware of the various types of terrorism that have been used by Spanish governments since 1975 .
One of the things that she said in her letter - and I <unk> she speaks with almost more authority on this subject than anyone else - is : &quot; The European Union , together with Member States , remains the biggest donor of food aid to Ethiopia &quot; .
This is a strong endorsement , in my view , rather than <unk> accounts of individual consumers who , in my opinion , have probably been misled by the statements made by many which are simply <unk> .
We can also support the training and education of journalists by means of the social fund .
Our aim has to be the production of <unk> or <unk> and , on that point , I hope the Commission will transmit to us the proposal for a directive on <unk> as soon as possible .
Mr President , the discussion of this report has in many ways shown the <unk> <unk> attitude to human rights <unk> the daily pressures of serious politics .
The stable presidency of the Council is strongly contested by the Commission .
After negotiations with the Council , the Council has now proposed an increase of the sum to total ECU <unk> million .
This should also be mentioned , Mr Gawronski , not just <unk> from Mr <unk> ’ s speeches .
No cease-fire was agreed between the parties , and nor was there any agreement on the transition process .
Even those behind the Barcelona process consider that it has broken down - that is the description which has been used - and it is a long way from having fulfilled its promises .
In these regions , banana production is the main and sometimes only source of income for thousands of families .
Mr <unk> took refuge in Africa , another continent sadly ravaged by civil wars , dictatorships and failed states .
I have some reservations about Article 3 , the <unk> of the legislation , and Article 5 .
However , crime is always moving into new areas , such as the trafficking in immigrants , trafficking in human organs etc . , and is always finding new ways of laundering the proceeds .
To close , I should like us to use tomorrow &apos;s vote to send , with the same assent we had in the Committee on the Environment , a clear message both to the European citizens and to the Council , as we have also done in the past with a series of motions on natural and <unk> disasters .
Is the Commission aware of the continued use of <unk> <unk> in four accession countries , Czech Republic , Hungary , Slovakia and Slovenia ?
We are aware of the difficulties of the operation .
It is therefore understandable that the continued application of this regulation in its current form is no longer consistent with effective supervision of competition .
The clear objective of this ruling is the fight against organised vehicle crime , which we all fully agree is one of our priorities .
I would like to make some comments relating to the various points mentioned in the debate .
I wish to stress some points which are of great importance for improving human rights in that region .
Madam President , I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Chanterie , for his very broad coverage of this issue and for having taken account of the views of the committees .
Of course we have a particular responsibility to fight social rejection and poverty within Europe and the EU but we must not forget the world outside .
Everything will have to take place in a framework of economic and social cohesion for the sole , direct benefit of the citizens of the Union .
In principle we believe that the EU should have nothing to do with issues such as this and that they are best dealt with at national level .
A number of speakers drew attention to the delays affecting certain proposals tabled under Parliament &apos;s right of initiative .
In short , we must stop making vague promises about and to consumers .
It reaffirms a European social model that is desperately in need of reform .
This is , at the very least , poor <unk> with regard to the European Parliament , if not an outright <unk> , and , allowing for the possibility that the Members of the European Parliament have nothing to say about human rights , even though they have voted , by a very large majority , in favour of the Charter of Fundamental Rights , they will be absent from this European Union forum which many of them attended last year in order to debate with NGOs and institutions .
Mr President , first of all I would like to congratulate my <unk> colleague for her excellent speech and I am also glad that there is basic agreement from all sections of the political spectrum .
It is increasingly important when it comes to finding the right financial incentive so that the pharmaceutical industries take a greater interest in paediatric medicinal products .
I therefore think that the Council of Ministers needs to approve the replacement of old driving licences .
To promote a new social and economic agenda for Europe , we put forward detailed , ambitious proposals to the Lisbon European Council .
This Parliament should realise that these people need special treatment .
Thanks to our <unk> process , the Commission will identify and implement best practice .
We can all agree that only on the basis of the Commission &apos; s views can we <unk> evaluate the need for human resources .
This is obviously of significant interest not only to professionals but also to other road users .
The draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , Mr <unk> , is , moreover , aware of the problem since he is calling for the judgment to be applied with prudence and he might have added : with <unk> , the prudence of the law and , in particular , of the law of the Treaties , which does not permit the powers of the third pillar to be transferred to the first pillar .
Moreover , the Commission defines the political priorities for the Council , and it has already presented them to the General Affairs Council of 18 November .
We are calling , for example , for annual Commission reports on the human rights situation and , where necessary , concrete sanctions .
Nonetheless , there are some changes that should be made to bring the definitions and criteria into line with general patent law .
Madam President , the Minutes state that I spoke on the situation in Spain .
They have confidence in Europe .
Mr President , firstly I would like to express my thanks for all the hard work that has been done by members of the committees concerned with the proposal for a regulation on official feed and food controls .
I hope that Parliament will be able to adopt a report on this very quickly because we need additional weapons to stand up to the Council and Commission in such cases of agreement on first reading .
But what are we seeing today ?
<unk> suggest that <unk> will rise by <unk> degrees over the next 100 years .
I believe that Mr Coelho , in his report , made reference , without hesitation and with the necessary clarity , to the issues that remain unclear , whether these issues involved the guarantee of data protection or the remaining uncertainties with regard to the technical procedures for <unk> the data on the identity documents .
I should now like to make a more political comment .
Subject : Integration of third-country nationals The conclusions of the Presidency , under the headings ‘ Europe listens ’ , ‘ Europe at work ’ and ‘ Looking to the future ’ , are as follows .
I find it almost <unk> to see how you , in your progress reports , are concerned almost like <unk> with the welfare of the candidate countries on which you have to report .
She has already spoken on the subject , and other colleagues will be doing so as well .
<unk> as a matter of principle , we believe that <unk> should be brought before national courts that apply current law .
Since the Maastricht Treaty , the European Union has made genuine progress in political terms .
Firstly , the 1999 budget is established on the basis of the new interinstitutional agreement on legal bases .
It is the case in this field as in others that , when the EU and the United States stand shoulder to shoulder , there is a lot we can do for justice and freedom in the world .
.
It is clear that there is a shortage of legislation covering the identification of beef and veal .
We currently have an experiment as far as Finnish legislation is concerned , but what does the Commissioner think of the possibilities of getting information about the situation in all Member States through the same service ?
We must do everything to stamp this out and to restore public confidence in our markets .
The alternative to a European tax is European borrowing .
I now come to the use of the tachograph .
– Mr President , may I first thank the rapporteur very warmly for being so willing to discuss , cooperate and compromise throughout the drafting of the report .
The wish for a general framework directive for water was proposed in the summer of 1996 after consultation with the parties affected by the integration of all water related legislation into a consistent policy .
On the subject of treatment , we wholeheartedly supported Amendment No 30 , and the same applies to Amendment No 34 on the percentages for reuse and recovery .
Sometimes we are astonished that we have wage discrimination and so few women in decision-making positions , which we were talking about only a moment ago .
The 2005 budget will be the first to cover the 25 Member States for a full year and the last before the next Financial Perspectives are presented .
The Canary Islands producers are one of those factors and the Caribbean producers are another area to which consideration has to be given .
That should give us food for thought , because so many of our farmers are afraid that , if we unify , we shall all go under because they are all fully <unk> agricultural economies .
If national policies continue to <unk> , Europe will be incapable of being a base camp for our enterprises in globalisation and the challenge of competitiveness will be lost .
As I stated , it is a matter for each Member State to decide how to respond in these circumstances .
It still causes Parliament some concern that the jobs have not yet been filled and that it is extremely difficult to do so .
The area in question , which is constantly developing , is in need of detailed rules , but they must not be too rigid or they will rapidly become obsolete .
Where agreement breaks down is in the wish to postpone the necessary changes , perhaps for financial or practical reasons .
So it is not that people are <unk> from concerns about the world , but they certainly do not necessarily see any relevance in being asked to vote for the European Parliament , or indeed in some cases for national parliaments .
It may not be possible for the small farms to meet the matched funding and so what sounds generous may , in fact , for some small enterprises be meaningless .
At his own initiative , the President of the Commission , Mr Barroso , established a group of Commissioners that is to develop the European Union ’ s policy agenda in these areas .
I would suggest that it should be amended as on the voting <unk> : &apos; convinced that as a result of the fact that the laws of war are currently inappropriate in the light of new international situations in which civilians are the main victims of conflicts , the United Nations should be entrusted with the task of defining how international humanitarian rules could be better applied whenever a multinational operation is envisaged ... &apos; .
But what really worries me , and what I would like to stress to the Commissioner , is that Commissioner Flynn said in this House not long ago , during the last part-session , that he would spare no effort until subsidies to tobacco producers had been suspended .
Your aim here is to extend and develop the powers of UCLAF .
Hence the question of rural areas comes within the scope of both <unk> planning and economic recovery , via a process of <unk> and economic diversification .
Instead , we want to join together in creating jobs in this continent of ours .
Again , Parliament &apos; s request has been met to some extent .
To that end , the Commission has sent the Member States a <unk> , asking them about methods to protect the health and education of young <unk> , and I intend to submit a draft recommendation to the Member States on improving the protection of the education and health of young <unk> and women .
The Secretary-General has indeed realised that , quite directly so to speak , for he is sitting <unk> me .
On the one hand , it is a fact that the scoreboard which we are discussing has actually been outdated for a long time .
There is also insufficient funding .
We feel that it is crucial to extend this action programme and we also deem it important that in the two years concerned , 2005 and 2006 , the Commission can make an accurate assessment of the current programme and can prepare a new and more ambitious instrument of action , taking account of the Financial Perspectives for 2007-2013 and any needs identified in the meantime .
<unk> , this report seeks to ask for clarification as to what is the &apos;European dimension &apos; .
Finally , on the last issue of the <unk> Group , this group is continuing its work and will remain active within the <unk> .
I also wanted to bring in children with learning difficulties .
.
I think this is an excellent idea .
In addition , the balance sheet for these ten years includes the widespread introduction , throughout Europe , of poorly paid casual work and the decline of wages as a proportion of national income .
<unk> new dynamism to economic growth in Europe is a task for the Member States and the Union , a task that will help to shape the next few years .
Who are they ?
Mr President , whilst I too wish to express my <unk> at the ongoing prejudice displayed towards Austria by 14 Member States , I would like to take the opportunity to comment on the opinion of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , which refers to a number of very important areas .
Mr <unk> <unk> , the French Minister for Health , said that <unk> was <unk> from genetic factors , the prime cause of mental <unk> in children &apos; .
( Parliament adopted the resolution ) I am full of sympathy for fellow Members when they complain that one Member State is not complying with Union legislation .
( Parliament approved the Minutes of the previous sitting . )
( PT ) As I wrote in my explanation of vote on the Markov report , here too one of the main problems of the Instrument for Structural Policies for <unk> ( <unk> ) - the development programme aimed at eight of the countries in the process of accession , for the year 2001 - is the persistence of difficulties associated with fund <unk> procedures .
We are sure that we shall have a President who is not allied to this or that political camp .
The Commission proposals and Parliament &apos;s response give a clear acknowledgement that the market can and should be the motor for much of this change , but not in every case .
Madam President , firstly , I congratulate my colleague , Mr <unk> , on his report on judicial cooperation in criminal matters .
We accept the proposal as it stands .
In the fight against fraud you proposed a new high-level group to do its work by the end of March .
Yes , the situation in Iraq today is serious .
Nevertheless , I think that the amendments succeed in improving the texts from the point of view that I just specified : quality of products and correct consumer information .
I would appeal to the Council and the Commission to be <unk> about implementing and establishing too many targets if those targets are clearly not always going to be met .
At its meeting on 19 and 20 March 1996 , the <unk> Council recorded the agreement of all delegations , with the exception of one delegation which entered a parliamentary reservation , on the draft declaration on organized crime .
At the same time , we jeopardise sensible measures to deter smoking , especially among young people , because we try to put the whole world within our single market .
The next item is the recommendation for second reading ( <unk> / 2003 ) , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , on the Council common position for adopting a European Parliament and Council Directive amending , for the <unk> time , Council Directive 76 / <unk> / EEC on the approximation of the laws , regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States relating to restrictions on the marketing and use of certain dangerous substances and preparations ( substances classified as <unk> , <unk> or substances toxic to reproduction - c / m / <unk> ) &#91; <unk> / 2 / 2002 - <unk> / 2003 <unk> <unk> / 2 / 2002 .
<unk> 2 <unk> 1 - <unk> / 2003 / <unk> - 2002 / <unk> ( COD ) &#93; ( rapporteur : Mrs Schörling ) .
My fellow Commissioner , <unk> Papoutsis , has also announced further initiatives before this Assembly to combat sex tourism involving children .
The next item is the Commission statement on the Conference on Climate Change in The Hague .
<unk> the problems of the young with drugs should be the last resort .
Firstly , Parliament considers that a programme of this scope and duration cannot be left to the <unk> of each year &apos; s budget .
What is needed , though , is to establish greater legal certainty in these areas .
In the coming period , however , something should be added .
.
Mr President , first of all , I would like to thank Mr <unk> <unk> for the excellent work he has done and for his constructive approach to this report .
For all that , I recognise unreservedly that a common European statute will be of immense value in lending weight to the European Parliament .
I do not want <unk> banning .
This optimism has been heightened in recent days by the numerous interventions that we have heard from the Member States .
However , as you know and as certain honourable Members mentioned , there are rumours to the contrary .
<unk> the activities of the <unk> or any secret services was never going to be a straightforward exercise .
Those who justify the increase in defence expenditure are doing nothing to meet social needs ; their key concern is the interests of their shareholders .
Together with the Commission , we <unk> that ten of the <unk> candidates in the current circumstances could be ready to participate in the European Parliament elections as early as 2004 .
It is very important to mention that we are not living in a ready-made Europe , but one that is continually changing .
As you know , there was a major problem , which has been discussed many times in Parliament , that is , Kaliningrad .
The decisions taken in Doha ( on trade ) and Monterrey ( on finance ) should be examined in detail immediately .
Indeed , Abidjan is the focus for much of the tuna landings in West Africa and if , as the Verts / ALE and ELDR Groups suggest , we pull out of this agreement , <unk> direct jobs – and up to 30 000 indirect jobs – would disappear .
We would argue that now is the right time and that decision should not be delayed .
Prior to this , the Communists would not let me leave , as my father was an opponent of their regime .
Parliament has been working <unk> out on these problems for a long time and produced a list of causes which produce combined and <unk> effects .
The development of these countries , in which a large section of mankind lives in <unk> conditions , would require a distribution of wealth at international level that is totally incompatible with a world economic system based on inequality , exploitation and the plundering of the poor countries for the profit of the capitalists in the rich countries .
It could only reduce the public debt by a small amount : only by 6 percentage points over eight years , in contrast to Italy and Belgium , which were able to reduce their debts by a far higher amount .
This has a serious impact on another Member State .
Personally , at this stage in the work , I followed progress more particularly on Mr van Velzen &apos;s report on the specific programme on the first and third aspects of the <unk> .
.
Does it even make sense to spend , as it were , four months organising pre-accession programmes , leaving them to run their course , and - whether it be in agriculture , structural policy or internal policy - treat the new members as such only after eight months have elapsed ?
Now is the time to put our money where our mouth is and use the European Solidarity Fund to help the <unk> , and also to help the thousands of volunteers who are facing an impossible task .
Democracy can be difficult , and building support for a position often takes time and good arguments .
I believe that the Commissioners are all aware of this , and , for the common good of Europe , they will be acting in a flexible manner in order to assure European citizens that the Commission is not a threat to them , but is actually there to protect them .
We have seen this with Zimbabwe , where the very target of an EU sanctions regime is himself given specific exemption in order to be <unk> and <unk> in a European capital .
This state of affairs , as Mrs <unk> demonstrates , is reinforced by the technical and legal problems associated with the application of Article <unk> of the Treaty , an article which currently constitutes a real <unk> between two possible political choices relating to the third pillar : <unk> , on the one hand , and intergovernmental decision-making , on the other .
I do not want the same to happen as unfortunately occurred in the case of <unk> transport services when we worked very hard in this House to draft sensible amendments that the Commission could support and then the Commission did not put a single one of our amendments before the Council .
So far , the Europe of the six , which expanded over time to the Europe of the Fifteen , has been able to respond to the challenge of reconciling peoples whose <unk> had <unk> in the Second World War , before demonstrating its ability to contain the Soviet <unk> which was the underlying factor in the new and artificial divisions on our continent .
Next Monday , our delegation will be in South Africa .
The Council has asked the Commission to put forward proposals during 1997 to secure the best possible guarantee of close economic cooperation with Hong Kong .
They need special protection .
<unk> of <unk> Recommendation for second reading Palacio Vallelersundi ( <unk> / 2000 ) Furthermore , the British are <unk> , even if they are running up almost <unk> amounts of debt .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , racism is first and foremost a state of mind , one which can become a way of life .
However , they will not be managed in the same way given the political approach that has been adopted .
Mr President , there is something I just wanted to ask Mr Rübig .
Finally , what will happen in 2004 ?
If , therefore , you express this wish and I feel that you do so on behalf of many , especially your own colleagues , then I have no objections to granting you this wish , and this means that the group chairmen will also be taking the floor .
The method used by some of the other groups , whereby the <unk> was preferably done by people from the same country as the <unk> , who , to top it all , <unk> themselves on their <unk> or joint activities with the candidates , clearly does not bear repeating .
With the measures it contains by way of codes to help with alternative dispute resolution , combined with proper enforcement through the enforcement directive , perhaps we will get the access to justice across the market that there ought to be for consumers .
We have been very lucky in a lot of ways in that , at those times of crisis , many of our leaders have been able to stay calm and wait for the intelligence information to come through before responding to the threat .
I pay tribute to the chairman of the committee and the rapporteur .
Mr <unk> , I am very pleased to be asked these questions because , for many years , I specialised in the analysis of competitiveness and industrial economics .
I should like to ask the President-in-Office what stage has been reached in meeting the Lisbon commitments .
The result of this situation is that 300 000 of the Moluccas &apos; population of 10 million are now refugees , most of whom are Christians .
Without a clear target , there is little point to all of this .
In that communication the Commission does not exclude the possibility that certain <unk> activities could be performed as a public service .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , you have just heard from the President that today we are considering the second reading on product liability .
I appeal to the Commission and to the UK government to put pressure on France to comply with the findings of the Scientific <unk> Committee , whatever those may be later today .
It is up to the Liberal Group to solve its own internal problems , but I put a question to the Council asking it to show its willingness to hold a dialogue and the Council did so .
That is why we are in favour of the report and of the accession of the European Community to the Hague Conference .
The Commission , too , stressed a similar opinion , and did so in two official documents : Communication <unk> of 2001 and Communication 350 of 2002 , which concluded with more or less the same words , saying that <unk> , <unk> <unk> and <unk> are invaluable heritage because of their experience , flexibility and immediate vicinity to the representatives of civil society and the citizens .
Of course everyone is in group meetings discussing the Statute , and that is where I should be now too .
Although the highest priority must of course be given to freedom of choice , my criticism is that too little attention has been paid in this debate to examining the <unk> links between allergies , sensitivity to chemicals , and exposure to chemical substances .
Since I do not believe that the Commission will be able to tolerate manifest infringements of the sixth VAT directive for much longer , this strikes me as a priority area for action .
What is necessary for this overdue democratic control will be a general <unk> framework directive for the guiding regulating principles of this transition .
We hope they are on his mind if not on his <unk> !
Here too I am positive that this is a reasonable and legitimate concern on the part of Parliament and I therefore call on you to support it .
The next item is the second report ( <unk> / 99 ) by Mrs Hautala , on behalf of the Committee on Women &apos;s Rights , on the Commission &apos;s report to the Council , the European Parliament , the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions on the state of women &apos;s health in the European Community ( COM ( 97 ) <unk> - <unk> / 97 ) .
Europe will soon have a single currency .
There will be no peace , there will be no end to the terrorism that we all condemn for as long as Israel continues to occupy the Palestinian territories , for as long as the shameful dividing wall remains .
The next few months and years will be critical .
At that time , neither the government &apos;s nor the opposition &apos;s explanation could be confirmed .
As the late <unk> Francisco <unk> y <unk> , President of the Spanish Constitutional Court , who was murdered by terrorists , wrote in an almost <unk> article : &quot; Every time a person is killed , something <unk> within us &quot; .
Mr Barroso , you suggested yesterday that it was <unk> – European to vote against your Commission .
In issues of taxation of this nature the European Union has no competence .
<unk> <unk> report ( <unk> / 97 ) There is therefore very much a certain degree of coordination whereby the Commission retains the right , of course , to present further initiatives .
Mr Buttiglione and I were among those Christian Democrats who were <unk> critical of the Iraq war , and of the use of cluster munitions in it , from the very outset , and so I find it regrettable that Mr Buttiglione ’ s presence in the Commission has been thought undesirable .
In this connection , let me draw the honourable Member &apos;s attention to the fact that the question of concentrations between undertakings comes under the Community &apos;s competition law , specifically in this case Council Regulation ( EEC ) No <unk> / 89 of 21 December 1989 on the control of concentrations between undertakings .
This also means that it is not , then , four or five representatives from political groups that <unk> the procedure to achieve a compromise text a few days from the vote , with orders for MEPs and individual MEPs in the groups to toe the party line and not to touch what four or five MEPs have decided in this early conciliation .
But I want to emphasize very firmly that there was no lack of drive and determination to achieve the presidency &apos;s programme and deal with the main issues the Commission has been pursuing .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it was the European Council in Copenhagen which , in 1993 , instituted the SME mechanism , providing for the <unk> by the EIB of one thousand million ECU for schemes designed to increase the competitiveness of small- and medium-sized enterprises .
Now governments do not have such a clear idea of what the financial markets make of poor budgetary policy .
I think that what has happened clearly shows that the commitments Mr Obiang gave to Mr Prodi have not been met .
I note in particular that the Romanian chief negotiator and acting minister for European integration is in the gallery , as is Mr <unk> <unk> , the leader of the Romanian opposition : they too are very welcome .
( 1 ) The Italian Government is strongly committed to reaching a balanced agreement .
I prefer Amendment No 1 which was adopted by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .
This health risk was taken by the Commission .
Mr President , over 100 million Europeans currently take part in sporting activities , organized by tens of thousands of sports clubs belonging to associations and federations .
It will be an important part of a package of measures which should be introduced not just within our borders but in applicant countries too .
This is a <unk> exercise .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , during Portugal &apos; s Presidency of the European Union the development of the Common European Security and Defence Policy has been regarded as a priority , as is evident from the document which we presented at the beginning .
I think there is complete agreement between your report and our work , and I would ask you to continue your strong support for our work in the energy efficiency field .
Like all the previous reports , it <unk> wishes and proposals which will never be applied .
That is why this legislation is so urgently needed .
So it was quite natural for law to converge with fact and for Germany to <unk> over Europe !
Mr President , I would like to endorse what Mr <unk> has said .
It is <unk> important because of the support it can give to the designated equality institutions : the Member States , the councils and the associations .
The first time it asked for this was only two weeks ago and , by that time , the international press had already pushed the alarm <unk> and the President finally had to admit that there was a catastrophe in the region .
Has there ever been a great human endeavour that took such a wretched figure as its basis ?
The Government and people of Liberia appreciate this concerted support and we are keen to harness it for the recovery , reconstruction and development of our country .
If I may , Mr President , I should like to add my voice to yours , and on behalf of the Commission welcome the large group of <unk> here this evening .
( Applause ) Nonetheless , I should like to ask you to place greater emphasis on the question of combating the maltreatment and sexual exploitation of children in these areas and I should like to have your assurance , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , that the action plan which the Council is processing at the moment and the overall humanitarian aid given to these countries will include a real commitment by the authorities in these countries , requiring them to take even more effective measures to combat such phenomena which , as you yourself said , are scandalous and are issues which we need to deal with effectively and in cooperation with these countries .
This is sensible , but it does create problems .
However , if I have understood correctly , we do not have a proposal from the Legal Affairs Committee as a basis for a vote , but you did ask the Committee on Legal Affairs for its opinion .
<unk> prices and minimum prices have been slashed or abolished , leaving small and medium-sized farms prey to speculation by unaccountable industrial <unk> .
In this context I should like to congratulate Commissioner Monti once again for organising his proposal along these very lines .
I believe , therefore , that this is a successful result , and I should like to thank all those who took part in this work .
It is unacceptable that China has never been condemned for its tragic repression of the fundamental rights of the Tibetan people .
The historical character of enlargement and the historical duty which the European Union took upon itself not to exclude any candidates , was already announced and confirmed .
We have been in this situation before and we are not learning from our mistakes .
After all , we do not wish to <unk> with the Commission ; if at all possible , we believe that the Commission and Parliament need to <unk> the same path .
I would urge the Commissioner in this respect to remember the <unk> <unk> fleet around the North Sea , particularly that of the UK , which is now tied up for half of every month with the quotas slashed by 50 % .
You will initially enter these posts in the reserve , which I , naturally , see as less than ideal , but I can assure you that I shall do everything in my power to meet the prescribed requirements so that the funding for these posts can be released at the second reading .
With economic <unk> continuing from the Far East to Russia , with increasing pressure on Latin American economies and currencies we have witnessed a paucity of political leadership .
In particular , we are opposed to the following four paragraphs of the motion for a resolution .
This is indeed also our objective for the Marseilles Conference .
That has been the opinion expressed by this House in past years .
<unk> of investment by Member States and growing health privatisation can only result in selection by money , growing inequality with implications ...
It is typical of this Parliament that , as soon as something unexpected happens , there are calls for financial aid with a view to maintaining stocks , for financial compensation following the destruction of foodstuffs and for the funding of information campaigns designed to win back consumer confidence .
We learn them already from the <unk> and the <unk> <unk> .
We had one woman then , and another has now joined her .
You need only look at the people , for example in Germany , France and Spain who do not known what is going to happen to the social <unk> of their economy .
This is the direction in which things are going today .
The truth is that , a few years ago , we laid down a great deal without having the <unk> to see that people &apos;s life expectancy is increasing .
Thank you , Mrs Rothe .
We have it in our power to <unk> Europe and to create a genuinely Europe-wide Union dedicated to building stability and prosperity , not only for its own citizens , but also beyond its borders .
They may not agree but , in reality , each Member State has its own specific characteristics , its own problems , and is perfectly aware of when it can achieve these objectives or not .
Israel &apos; s long-term interests lie in lasting peace .
I can assure you , however , that we have also reflected on the problems of coordination with the World Bank , which already operates in this field but only has a quarter of the EIB &apos; s investments , employs four <unk> of its resources in a single country , Turkey , and , in other words , does not have a general activity dedicated to the Mediterranean ; the African Development Bank operates throughout the Mediterranean but with negligible impact .
As regards the list of exemptions , Mr Whitehead , as you said , it did not arrive at the right time , in the prescribed time , but the Commission is in a position to examine the list of products which we know you think warrants consideration .
I would like to thank the rapporteur for clearly emphasising the importance of the financial sector to the development of the Indian economy .
We shall therefore listen even more closely to what he says over the next two minutes .
In this context , I should like to note that in its resolution of 3 July 2002 , Parliament called on the Member States to conduct information campaigns on sexual and reproductive rights , and not to encourage women to use abortion as a method of contraception .
What has happened to the money ?
There is the opportunity for the Heads of State to move further at the Vienna Council and <unk> in their internal budget decisions .
They are the concern of the maritime communities , fishermen , scientists and <unk> , whose opinions should never have been ignored .
However , I must draw attention to the importance of Amendments Nos 35 , 36 and 37 , tabled by our colleagues Mrs <unk> <unk> and Mrs de <unk> Martin , on behalf of the PPE group .
This journalist is also , I regret to say , the director of a major Italian television company .
Looking at Mr <unk> &apos;s important report , we see that the Councils of Ministers have said they will take a number of steps , but I do not see all that much progress .
In this respect , the directive is of value .
Thank you very much , Commissioner .
( The sitting was suspended at <unk> p. m. and resumed at 3 p. m . ) Mr President , I have been mentioned by name , accused of having the wrong Parliament .
You will understand that I do not regard the European institutions and the Convention as being assigned a role in the policy areas of care for the elderly and healthcare .
Nevertheless , we believe that these kidnappings highlight the need to bring an end to the violent tensions in central and southern Somalia , as each of the previous speakers have also stressed .
<unk> / 99 by Mr <unk> , Mr <unk> , Mr Lagendijk and Mrs Rühle , on behalf of the Verts / ALE Group , on the Kosovo citizens in <unk> .
It also takes up the 1992 recommendation concerning the minimum income to be guaranteed by the social protection systems , by supporting initiatives for its implementation .
Their understanding , <unk> and commitment mean that the European Parliament can feel proud today .
That is the way to solve problems involving minorities .
There is a political gulf between the priorities set for the Community and the lack of clarity regarding financing .
Apart from that , we know where we stand on the various subjects and , as I have just said , we will act on the basis of the mandate you have given us .
They include , for instance , the definition of minority shareholders , the inclusion of concerted action in the scope of the directive and the definition of cases in which the Member States can <unk> their supervisory authorities to grant exceptions to the provisions of the directive .
The Hong Kong conference demonstrated that our path towards the successful integration and completion of the current round remains open .
<unk> will now have the same statutory rights on the <unk> as all other EU citizens .
Madam President , I want to point out that this report basically accepts the whole idea of globalization , the internal market , absolute free trade and the free movement of capital .
My friends , we must keep up the pressure .
This appears to me all the more important at a time when , as now , it is more than ever necessary to explain to public opinion the initiatives undertaken at the Union level .
I think that would give us sound financing .
Because I think it is extremely important to prevent ships from having a financial incentive to <unk> their cargo or cargo residues at sea outside the port .
There are four things I want to say about the 34 amendments that the committee has submitted .
And all this must be done whilst meeting the demands of enlargement .
In accordance with the commitments made during the Portuguese Presidency , the Council will keep Parliament informed on a regular basis of the debates currently taking place in the field of justice and home affairs .
Mr President , there has been endless discussion of the role of young people in agriculture , but even today their situation gives little cause for optimism .
Ariel Sharon actually bears the main responsibility today for reversing the trend .
Mr President , I should like to say thank you to Mr von Wogau who has <unk> prepared a very <unk> report on this difficult issue .
This means that harmonisation is only required if this equivalent protection does not exist .
Should it be necessary to remind the House , as our rapporteur has done , that health is one of the most important concerns of the citizens of Europe ?
That is why we shall support that amendment .
Mr Rocard &apos; s report , which we have here before us , will help to stimulate debate about the further development of social security in Europe , within the context of growing competition and the rise of the single market in healthcare .
On behalf of the Committee on Budgets , I want to recommend the Morillon reports .
Human rights must not be allowed to become hostage to short-sighted and often <unk> day-to-day politics .
This is obviously an <unk> delicate issue , but , nevertheless , I would like to stress the <unk> of the matter .
As a forum for the expression of the will of the people and of democratic values , it has a central role to play .
People have been listened to , including minorities , and I hope that we can continue that tradition .
Customs officials ?
I do not dispute that we will have to make further efforts , which we are indeed doing ; but I do say that there is no better means of helping the disadvantaged than by reducing the costs that have to be paid to obtain information .
For these reasons I really think we should reject the proposal .
The rapporteur is furthermore forced to acknowledge that &quot; the changes taking place in the candidate countries have led to social problems and in particular to marked social <unk> and in some cases high unemployment . &quot;
Thank you for having given me an opportunity to give you a brief overview of the development of EU tax systems .
We are very much in favour of the Palestinians being given a state in a dignified manner , and we are also very much in favour of Israel being able to live within secure borders .
( <unk> / 00 ) by Mr Dupuis and Mr Turco , on behalf of the TDI Group , to the Council , and ( <unk> / 00 ) to the Commission , on the situation in Tunisia ; Well now , there is , in my view , an obvious and clear difference between entering into a public and specific commitment <unk> the state and society in order to form what our international <unk> and our constitutions describe as &apos;the fundamental group unit of society and the state &apos; - and I am quoting by heart Article 16 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights - which should be recognized and protected by the state , and , in contrast , not entering into that public commitment which , in the case of homosexual couples at any rate , cannot be linked to the ability to <unk> .
Madam President , should we not hear the opinion of the chairman of the Committee on Budgetary Control here ?
We know from former Presidents of the Council that finding the courage to break with <unk> is perhaps the hardest thing of all .
.
They also reflect the concerns of the inhabitants of three of the old Member States who did not adopt the euro .
My opinion is that , if these amendments were to be adopted , the report would then be devoid of those characteristics which prompted agreement in the Committee , the very characteristics which are our basis for considering that the report could be a positive supplement to the Commission &apos;s report .
And for that straightforward reason , we should vote here today to waive his immunity .
Without European intervention to prevent <unk> and <unk> concentration of power , it will not be possible to build an information society where citizenship rights , the sense of belonging , and the widespread demand for knowledge and culture find effective , <unk> and genuine responses and are not cynically sacrificed on the <unk> of an entirely apparent , quantitative and <unk> growth , ultimately empty and <unk> .
The Presidency is very concerned about the problem and has taken all the necessary steps with regard to the Belgian authorities .
In this spirit , I would like to mention a few issues that surface increasingly often in the debate provoked by the changes that are now affecting the European Union .
We must unanimously back the assessment made by the European Parliament &apos;s delegation to the Conciliation Committee which has carried out such a good piece of work .
Where is the initiative taken by Europe , where is González ?
This last point , of course , runs counter to the fashionable <unk> ideology which advocates less public expenditure and less taxation on the working population .
We must go further , and we therefore welcome today &apos;s debate .
In this way , a <unk> of accessibility can be obtained .
I really do not think that a new law or new provisions are needed here .
I believe that the first problem I mentioned , namely the use of Article 202 as the legal basis , is the biggest .
We will see how it turns out once it has settled .
It is also wrong because in fact the next piece of legislation to come from the Commission will be one on <unk> seeds , after the two reports that are to go through Parliament , one of which is Mr Trakatellis &apos;s report which is currently before the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , and of which Commissioner Byrne is well aware .
New growth markets are developing in the applicant countries ; these will create new and worthwhile job opportunities for the Union &apos;s current members .
The Commission , the Council , and this House , meeting in <unk> , have already negotiated a statement , and that involved this House being consulted either fully or to a considerable degree .
The Ministers of the Member States , assembled in Council , have missed their chance to set a course and also to hear what their peoples want .
There must be a European commitment to establishing conditions for a genuine venture capital market which can in particular support small businesses which have come into existence as a result of the technologies of the future .
Good for him .
What we also need urgently , of course , is a ban on recycling and on the <unk> of different contaminated and <unk> materials .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it is intended that one of the main goals of the new broadcasting directive should be to promote the European <unk> industry and safeguard Europe &apos;s cultural diversity in the audiovisual market .
There was also a problem with the commitology of this programme within the old REX Committee , but , after the Council decision of 28 June 1999 , to standardise the different Committees , this obstacle was overcome .
What is at stake through the defence of public services is a whole concept of society .
We also run the risk , as Mr <unk> has said , of undermining the security of the continent .
I trust that Germany will not now be accused of having lost touch with reality because it is making this very same proposal .
The European Union and the Presidency and the Commission must help to stop the threat or use of military means or preventive action against Iran .
I am convinced that the huge majority of Europeans are in favour of solidarity and that our Parliament , always hand in hand with the European Commission – and I would like in particular to acknowledge the work of Commissioner <unk> – will be the guarantor of this essential pillar of European integration and <unk> .
<unk> , the principle of subsidiarity has been promoted in terms of defining the <unk> areas to which the directive will apply .
It will entitle creditors to adequate compensation when they are not paid promptly , and will provide or improve procedures for the recovery of the sums due , ensuring that those procedures are effective , cheap and quick .
Should we not take notice of the fact that sport has pride of place in the citizens &apos; daily lives ?
I am not saying this out of hurt <unk> ; I do not think that is so important .
<unk> the protection of works , guaranteeing copyright in its new forms , is a fundamental fact to ensure a democratic , useful development consistent with the information society and all the opportunities to which it should give rise .
I think the Presidency &apos;s position has been made clear , but Mr <unk> would like to ask a supplementary question .
I see these as including respect , responsibility and confidence .
Thanks to their efforts , you can give your opinion during this same sitting on the reports relating to the three programmes .
That is of course a challenge for many in the EU since it brings traditional thinking into question .
Question No 11 by Mrs Izquierdo Rojo ( <unk> / 03 ) will not receive a response as the subject it concerns has been included on the agenda for this part-session .
Nevertheless , in the midst of all these problems , relatively speaking I am amazed at the success this small country has had in implementing the six-month <unk> programme from October 1997 to March 1998 , which allowed it to tackle the social crisis and the civil war in the spring of 1997 .
Agriculture has a major impact on the climate , on <unk> , on biodiversity , on the balance of ecosystems and on <unk> management ; in other words , there is strong environmental interaction .
The <unk> and the interim agreement offer a golden opportunity for Albania to modernise itself and become a competitive market economy , the sine <unk> non for joining the EU .
Demands for optimum conditions , which often stem from emotional responses , cannot always be translated directly into practice .
In other words , am I to conclude , if the answer is positive , that the Council too endorses the compromise proposals which are now , for example , being tabled by Britain and which , in my view , undermine the position of the Criminal Court ?
As this debate has shown , both are needed , and this also goes to explain why the Auto-Oil programme covers the whole issue of the technical development of vehicles and the improvement of fuels .
They do not see the government .
Now to my point : just as official <unk> are <unk> that Iraq &apos;s famous weapons of mass destruction were no more than the pretext for the invasion , new threats to world peace are emanating from the <unk> of imperialism .
The next item is the vote on the topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
However , it would be helpful if at least all the claims in a European patent were translated into every language .
We are not entitled to pass judgment on Russia in this matter .
Mr President , I must confess to being quite astonished !
These judicial shows of strength are distorting the model of Europe that our countries agreed to .
Even the Mitchell report , which we all support as a common point of reference , cannot be implemented because the Israeli government under Mr Sharon - who is wanted by the police in your country , Madam President-in-Office , which is why he cannot be invited to Brussels - wants to interpret the Mitchell report and determine when it will be applied .
Firstly , the teachers need to be trained adequately .
Firstly , anyone familiar with the region knows that the future of the Palestinian economy is <unk> linked to the economic cooperation agreement with Israel .
The next item on the agenda is the declaration of the President-in-Office of the Council concerning the programme of activities of the Finnish Presidency , economic and social reconstruction in Kosovo as well as the draft Stability Pact for South-Eastern Europe and the death sentence passed on Mr <unk> .
Question No 9 by <unk> Karamanou ( <unk> / 98 ) Why do we not dare to implement a relaunching policy , which no country can do individually , so that there may be results for the whole continent ?
The underlying reason , too , is terrible in its simplicity : it is the result of <unk> if not <unk> <unk> , the search for profit at any price , the saving of time at any price .
Well then , thus far , nothing has been done in Europe in this area and I feel that the failure of the institutions and Parliament itself to take any practical steps regarding Echelon and the matter of interception of communications damages their legitimacy .
Instead of looking to the left or right , we should look at the total package that is before us and that will help us a long way in our common search for more growth and jobs .
There it would appear that insufficient <unk> <unk> checks and pilot errors could be said to have turned a minor technical problem into a major disaster .
In my view , the period of storage should not exceed the duration of the stay .
We have heard today that the Commission does not have a strategy – the example of the green card has just been given again .
Secondly , I would point out that there is a mistake in Amendment No 15 on the euro , which states that three prices shall be indicated , whereas the recital says that they may be indicated .
He concluded by calling on the Cypriot people to seize the opportunity .
<unk> your cheque book and asking how much is not my idea of negotiation .
This perspective will remain in force until 2006 .
Community railways Yet in Objective 2 GDP is not one of the criteria for qualifying .
<unk> surveillance promises to be a multidisciplinary activity .
<unk> , unregulated and <unk> ( <unk> fishing ) a highly destructive practice , a mode of fishing that damages the conservation and sustainable management of fish stocks .
Mr President , Members of the European Parliament , thank you for your interventions and , of course , first of all I would like to commend the rapporteur , Mrs <unk> , for her excellent work in preparing the report in a very short time .
I take this opportunity to enthusiastically <unk> all the Members of this Parliament .
This should not just be about cities <unk> themselves and their splendid history , their past and their present , but about them putting on show the way in which European history has been made and today ’ s Europe <unk> by them .
For us this is a very important <unk> that is significant for the overall evaluation of the report .
I therefore welcome the fact that the issue of food safety , public health and consumer confidence features <unk> in the Commission &apos;s work programme for 2000 .
We must find a just balance between social protection and the conditions for maintaining competitiveness .
That conference will provide an opportunity for further reflection , on the basis of the results obtained , and allow guidelines to be established for the future of the Union &apos;s rural development policy .
There is one more thing I want to ask for at the Florence Summit : let the door be opened to the possibility of renegotiating important matters like the deadlines for the single currency and greater flexibility in the accounting parameters .
I find it deplorable , for example , that Mr Duisenberg is opposed to the publication of detailed minutes of meetings , even though this is common practice in many central banks .
These efforts have , however , suffered worrying setbacks in the regions of <unk> and South <unk> , due to the restrictions to individual suffrage and massive population <unk> carried out by the authorities in the area , which have led to an <unk> in violence that I have no choice but to condemn .
It has been drawn to my attention , in the short time I have been in this House , that there are foreign language <unk> in Italy who for eleven years have had rights declared by the European Court of Justice effectively denied by a Member State of this Union .
However , we will not share the rapporteur &apos; s cynicism , as he <unk> the passing of the good old times when &apos;the cessation of activity by small production units was enough to restore prices &apos; .
At the EU level , Mediterranean cooperation has already been institutionalized .
<unk> ­ <unk> / 2000 by Mr Cox , on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , on the Colombia Plan and the massacre of the Peace Community of La <unk> in the <unk> region ; We will always be receptive to this debate , but I would simply like to draw Parliament &apos; s attention to one crucial aspect .
I would like to ask you to observe a minute &apos; s silence in order to display our deepest sympathy .
I would like to put two questions to the two Commissioners who I am pleased to see here and who are at the <unk> of this problem .
On the one hand , this is a totalitarian State that shows no respect for human rights , nor the slightest concern for humanitarian issues , the environment , integrated development , promoting freedom or respect for the minimum values of the human race .
What I find absolutely central to the issue is what is referred to in point 8 of our resolution , which is also found in the opinion of the Committee on the Environment ; namely that the labelling will only be properly effective if it is uniform and easily comprehensible to the consumer .
<unk> to send an international peace-keeping force and observers to the area under the aegis of the United Nations ; I think , however , that the results have been poorest when it comes to the debate on the future .
It would therefore be worth coordinating them better .
.
It is thus up to the European political parties to make themselves more accessible to women .
But I will vote for it , whilst hoping all the same that it will bring an end to discrimination .
Mr President , I will not repeat any of the comments made by Mr <unk> , which I support from start to finish .
Relations between Member States of the European Union and Russia can only be based on equality and mutual benefit .
The most important mechanism here will be the Clean Development <unk> .
In terms of the particular instrument that we are looking at today , as Mr Barón Crespo says , there has to be greater clarity about how this money is spent and how the committees administering this money are set up .
We are therefore encouraging industry to introduce this standard voluntarily .
Concerning the discharge of agencies , the suggestion that this Parliament should look into the discharge of each agency seems unreasonable to us .
We believe that this shows an excessive degree of inflexibility which cannot be accepted and that the comitology system is adequate and that it maintains and offers guarantees to everybody .
The question of recruitment to public office in a Member State or to the police is exclusively a matter for that Member State .
On night work , I again know that some will be disappointed that we did not succeed in limiting night work to eight hours .
That is an unsatisfactory state of affairs to which my party , the Liberal People ’ s Party , has called attention on several occasions .
I hope that the Commissioner will take this further .
This might well be higher on the list of priorities than a military solution .
Mr Schulz , you may therefore withdraw your amendment .
Neither Father Cullen nor his colleague were given adequate medical treatment in police custody and both had to be taken for medical treatment at a later stage .
Mr President , may I first of all thank the rapporteur , Mrs Jackson , and the Committee on the Environment for its work on this proposal on environmental inspections .
We have to ensure that the measures will also continue after the enlargement process is over .
We must not weaken the rules we adopt here , through democratic debate , by allowing the territorial authorities <unk> application , even on an exceptional basis .
That is the point !
Yesterday , in fact , we were debating the report by Mrs <unk> and we saw that the environment is fundamental within the topic of employment .
Mr President , in Lisbon , a common horizon was set , establishing structural reforms for the modernisation of our economy , in order to increase growth and employment .
I shall therefore ask you to respond in as concrete terms as possible , as Mrs Maes has just done , by saying , for example , &quot; This train was very good , and it no longer exists . &quot;
Secondly , setting up international protection arrangements to prevent the people from having to take their own <unk> measures against the prevailing insecurity .
In real terms , this involves us supporting civil rights campaigners , supporting - as Mr Belder pointed out - the independent media , and making it our concern that the spirit of freedom should not be <unk> by <unk> , but that that same spirit of freedom should prevail in Belarus as elsewhere .
He is , for Europe , one of our <unk> <unk> .
It is worth noting this when certain Western democratic powers still have not done so .
<unk> we are entitled to write what we ourselves see fit by way of comment on the Court of Auditors report .
The Barroso Commission looks as though it will be a poor ally in this battle and , in this area as well , Parliament must become the main champion of the institutions ’ credibility and win back the confidence of the people .
When all is said and done , we could have come up with more ambitious solutions .
What we are seeking is an agreement now in Rambouillet , which would initially be a three-year interim agreement .
The historic recovery we are witnessing is , on the whole , extraordinarily beneficial to the rest of the world .
The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development will have a role in this process and I welcome the fact that they have contributed close to $ 200 million last year alone to help the Ukrainian Government to close down the Chernobyl <unk> in the near future The job of the ECB is not to rescue banks , but societies .
So far it has met with rejection .
Which countries ?
That was years ago !
It is extremely regrettable that this enormous political error is detected to a far lesser extent by this House than the errors of liability on the part of commercial banks in the course of foreign exchange transactions .
I particularly welcomed the fact that the reference to postal services in rural areas was accepted in committee .
This is no way to organise business .
Your speech and the documents available to us uphold a principle which we find it very hard to accept , to the effect that the proposal for mid-term review , which provides , inter alia , for decoupling and the <unk> of blue box commitments , should take precedence over the WTO negotiating modalities , which provide for an endeavour to preserve the blue box aid instigated with the <unk> reform .
It cannot be content with the <unk> role which it has been granted in the Committee of the Regions , a committee whose powers , as you know , are extremely limited .
<unk> report ( <unk> / 97 ) I support measures to ensure greater control over Members &apos; allowances for the purpose of only <unk> costs actually incurred .
This <unk> a further Intergovernmental Conference in 2004 and calls upon the Swedish and the forthcoming Belgian presidencies to open a debate on issues for the future with all interested parties in 2001 .
I therefore call on the Commission to respond to the practical proposals set out in this report .
And I was particularly reassured by the Commission President &apos;s statement this morning to the effect that the Commission will act solely on the basis of the best scientific reports with regard to the issue of mad cow disease .
I and my colleagues will vote for these reports because their ultimate aim and motivation is to the benefit of women in Europe .
Members of this Chamber must accept that the populations of France and the Netherlands voted against the EU Constitution , which has thus been rejected and is no longer a relevant source of reference .
<unk> for indigenous populations have also been clarified and their scope further limited .
Mr President , colleagues were <unk> and so it was very difficult to hear what I was saying .
There are probably eight countries involved in the <unk> .
This concept of services of general interest is perhaps even <unk> , moreover , with the <unk> programme for the period <unk> .
I fully subscribe to the strong wish expressed by the European institutions : the future European Food Safety Authority must be set up very soon and be <unk> as from the beginning of 2002 .
This means , quite simply , that a common <unk> policy must form part of an EU immigration policy .
I would like to draw attention to the proposals aimed at promoting communications and transport , and especially the application of all the new communications network technologies which offer a solution to certain problems .
In the end , the issue is the competitiveness of the European art market , which is already finding it hard to fight off foreign competition .
.
As well as European-wide , there are <unk> guidelines identifying policy priorities and particular circumstances .
It is not true that a single safe product will disappear from today &apos;s market .
We tabled Amendment No 22 so as to ensure that the trial involving reduced VAT rates for highly labour-intensive services could continue beyond 31 December of this year .
And who can say that people stop smoking when cigarettes go up in price ?
One complaint and one initiative resulted in two draft recommendations to these institutions or bodies .
They have now been slightly amended and should read as follows : for Amendment <unk> on budget line <unk> , the correct amount is EUR 7 150 000 .
With regard to the report by Mr Savary , who , like all the Members and myself , is one of the friends of the railways , the key element which completes the whole circle is precisely the agency .
With these amendments , we also want to encourage an initiative taken by the Commission and the Member States to identify the most receptive production structures , in terms of the workforce , so that vocational training becomes increasingly more effective in creating actual jobs .
Personally , I was extremely pleased at least by this admission from the Council at this stage .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , with the introduction of the euro the completion of the European single market is coming ever closer .
It is time we became aware of the bureaucracy we are causing .
In addition , the Commission has <unk> to pay a part of the compensation in the absence of a Parliamentary opinion .
The answer to that is more difficult , and this is why we have always thought that the euro adventure gives cause for concern .
There have been a series of good reports over the year and much energy and hard work has been put into the subject by you and my colleagues before me .
It should not be forgotten that support for social , economic and territorial cohesion and solidarity between Member States are objectives that are enshrined in the European Union ’ s Treaties .
Others will simply require a notification by the manufacturers to the Commission at the same time that they are placed on the market , with no independent safety or environmental assessments .
Enforcement of civil and commercial judgments Then there is the storage of communications traffic data , an example of a measure that leads only to false security , if ever there was one .
Next time it could be for real .
When the broad economic policy guidelines for 2000 were approved it was accepted that constraints resulting from the Stability Pact would have to be strengthened and provided for , which suggests that there will be further and greater problems , particularly in the social domain .
The parliamentary elections in Moldova will also be observed by the OSCE .
Indeed , they are an absolutely essential component , because we already have very <unk> information and communication networks at our disposal there .
. – By adopting the Herzog report , the European Parliament has adopted some excellent statements on ‘ the fundamental importance of the subsidiarity principle ’ and on the need to respect the free choice of the Member States in terms of the missions , organisation and financing arrangements of services of general interest at national level ( see paragraph 18 ) .
The report does not support this objective either , one which is directly linked to the matter of bio-fuels .
All agree that it should be a sustainable strategy .
Although eight Member States constitutes a significant number , perhaps it is not enough ; but a few days ago I informed Minister <unk> <unk> , the Maltese Deputy Prime Minister , that I will be able to provide the Council meeting this month with precise details of the actual date of departure of this mission .
It is the EU that must take this task upon itself .
Well , I do not believe that this is a purely legal problem but rather - and we need to be on our guard here - it is an extension of the scope of <unk> to include living tissue .
Take the expulsion of the Roma and the <unk> .
This content is filtered using <unk> .
Question No 30 by <unk> Posselt ( <unk> / 97 ) So you have one minute to raise your point of order .
We actually need , as in Japan , a limited list of <unk> additives and I would have liked to know what the Commissioner thinks of this .
We are doing business with the Israelis and are simply the Palestinians &apos; largest donor .
We cannot do more , and I am sorry , but we shall stick to this , as the legal situation is clear .
Animal health and welfare naturally have a part to play here .
We have <unk> convictions but we intend to realise them in a pragmatic way .
This means that globalisation can also be at the service of people , and not the other way round .
Hence our vote against the report .
Mr President , I would like to thank Mr Wynn for an excellent report and say that I fully support his ideas on amending the Financial Regulation .
Democracy appears to be in <unk> , instead of the reverse being the case , and the presidential election <unk> more and more a <unk> <unk> show .
I believe the Commission was right to take its time and give itself the opportunity to hear all the parties .
If the Commission does not become more active , it contributes by its <unk> to strengthening more and more a dangerous development which has begun in the European Union , that is the immense <unk> from democracy which is gaining ground in this Union .
Indeed , you do not give the scientific grounds .
If we want more than just the usual cooperation , then we must manage to highlight the <unk> problem of these women .
This poses new problems .
The entire civilised world is calling for an end to all acts of violence , a return to normal and the <unk> of negotiations .
To achieve that , we must do all we can to ensure that the switch to the single currency takes place on the planned date but with an economic union that is also committed to , serving growth and employment .
That was the main reason why we proposed it and we should not lose sight of the main objective .
From that point of view , what happened in Cancún is of course very unfortunate .
I want to address a word to people in London .
That is how the company <unk> is starting to form part of a European <unk> : to be continued !
It is now up to the Member States &apos; governments to take the initiative provided by this report , and I urge the Dutch presidency to examine this issue as a matter of some urgency .
<unk> meat from vaccinated animals carries the virus and may <unk> healthy animals that feed on swill containing it .
Besides helping to reduce economic disparities within Latvia ’ s own national borders , the EU ’ s expansion eastward , together with the accession of the three Baltic States to the NATO Alliance next year , will have an enormous political and economic impact on the whole Baltic Sea <unk> , significantly improving its overall investment and business appeal .
Any measures taken in the name of maritime safety are to be welcomed and correspond to a correctly identified general need .
One of the questions that must be answered concerns the integration of the Schengen Agreement into Union cooperation .
Madam President , it is a great pleasure to be able to inform you formally that on 13 December 2004 the General Affairs Council closed the negotiations with Bulgaria .
Katiforis report ( <unk> / 97 ) .
Despite the slow pace taken by certain Member States , the local administrations and players have set to work .
I stand before you as one of you , presenting my ideas and submitting myself to your approval .
It is not enough for people to say this lies within the competence of Member States when those same Member State governments are using market rules , the Services Directive and other means to achieve liberalisation by the back door .
The debate is closed .
PROGRESS will hopefully take the competition out of the allocation of funding and other resources to social partners representing people who , because of their situation in life – physical , mental , social , ethnic , economic , employment or lack of employment , and so on – need the support of the wider community .
Subject : <unk> of delegation from Commission environment <unk> to Greece Mr President , on a point of order , you are aware that the Joint Parliamentary Assembly is due to begin next Monday in the Hemicycle in Brussels .
This makes just <unk> % of GNP , which must be considered very low as the ceiling for the financial perspective is <unk> % .
We need guarantees of freedom of movement on the ground as well as in the air .
The crisis in a traditional industry , the European textile industry , comes before them .
We must work against phenomena such as racism and xenophobia - and there is provision for this - and we must introduce a series of structural and social measures which involve the citizens and which strengthen the social fabric and civil society in order to do so .
Mr President , the present text of the resolution leaves nothing to be desired as regards clarity .
In this cruel system , the boost to the economy comes at the price of several hundred thousand deaths .
Only those who meet all the criteria , including the political criteria and the preconditions for the negotiations , can join the EU .
Women ’ s rights and the issue of enforced disappearances are a source of particular concern for the European Union .
The Council is due to evaluate this request shortly so that it can pass it on to the Commission , which will evaluate it in detail and give its opinion before the Council reaches a decision on its candidacy .
The purpose of these systems is to process and settle all the transfers of money between banks .
This applies in particular to those accession countries where referendums are still to be held and where there is a very definite scepticism about a European <unk> .
The last , by the way , is an issue on which everyone except Parliament is taking action .
As this concerns the budgetary procedure , the Commissioner responsible for the budget may speak briefly .
We sent a proper signal to the Russian Government in a similar situation two weeks ago .
It is not a matter for the Council to <unk> whether there is any new alliance between the United Kingdom or the United States .
If that is decided tomorrow , I will be happy to vote for the report , on which I warmly congratulate Mr White .
The next item is Questions to the Commission ( <unk> / 2001 ) .
The difference between Romania and Bulgaria has mainly to do with implementation .
<unk> macro-economic policies geared to stable growth are not incompatible with the aim of increasing employment : they are in fact the vital prerequisite for achieving that objective .
What Lisbon means , of course , is employment and growth , and we have already established that small and <unk> enterprises have <unk> for 75 % of new jobs created in recent years .
This support for one of the most important European competition policy reforms is clearly of great importance .
The European Union has contributed to the possibility of dialogue being resumed .
It is to be hoped that next year you will be more successful in meeting the deadlines .
Mediterranean forest fires must be fought in the winter , in the autumn , in the spring , when there is no heat - in other words , by cleaning and preparing forests , by monitoring them , by sending workers into the forests to clean them up , since generally forests are owned by all kinds of different people and bodies and nowadays they are not populated as they were a hundred years ago .
On page 34 , in his <unk> Statement , he says that the discharge procedure will <unk> result in a win-win scenario .
This is another important fundamental change .
The toxic effects of <unk> are insignificant , and they do not <unk> the <unk> <unk> or the skin .
This is all <unk> <unk> .
<unk> fell by 40 % , and China <unk> 75 % of the market in a <unk> .
I consider one fundamental issue to be the fact that nuclear power cannot be accepted as a method to be applied in the <unk> and Joint Implementation projects .
At the moment all you are saying is that we have the chance to express Parliament &apos;s views .
The USA , by issuing an annual limit value of 15 <unk> / <unk> for <unk> since 1997 , has demonstrated that a stricter approach is feasible .
The vote on this report in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs , adopted by 18 votes in favour , 2 against and 6 <unk> , reflects the gulf dividing the Members of the European Parliament on this subject .
I think you should state here today how you intend to handle Parliament &apos;s resolution at first reading on this regulation .
The objective of the report by the European Parliament must be to establish real dialogue between the interested parties .
Mr President , political parties are a vital element in building and reinforcing a European political sphere .
In my view these are rhetorical questions , but I would like the Commission ’ s answer to be more than just rhetorical .
There may well be an initial demand on the EU budget but such costs will be minimal when compared to the huge peace dividend that will <unk> from an enlarged and fully integrated Europe .
<unk> !
I assume that a reduction in carbon dioxide emissions will form part of any responsible energy plan .
At present the costs of equipping schools with data banks are still far too high and the multimedia applications are totally inadequate .
But no application to purchase arms has yet been made , and <unk> the decision that would be taken if it were would in itself <unk> tension , so I refuse to do so .
I subscribe to the idea of subsidiarity , provided that the time difference between two countries never exceeds one hour .
The current tension in diplomatic spheres apart , we also recognise the tremendous political , economic and social efforts they have made .
There are two types of measures .
In March 2005 , the education ministers of the twenty-five EU Member States declared their willingness to modernise their national systems in order to enable individuals to adapt themselves to the ever more <unk> demands of the domestic and international markets .
Furthermore , Ukraine has no postal votes , which have been implicated in my country , the United Kingdom , as subject to fraud .
We need a new merger control and a new competition policy .
<unk> measures are required to combat the exploitation of children in all its different forms .
Above all , these matters must be addressed in a democratic context and by democratic means .
That is playing God , as we saw a year ago in Ukraine , and it does not benefit Europe , the real Europe , which must include Russia and all of its allies within its sphere , and it will do so sooner or later .
Up until now we have not been able to achieve this because there are not enough African Union troops on the ground who could enforce a <unk> .
The amendments to my report that Mr Macartney had tabled posed a legal problem that went outside the scope of the report , and its is the consideration of this problem that led to the vote being deferred by two months .
As I see it , the decision we shall take tomorrow will lead to an improvement in the situation in the seas and in the marine environment .
Firstly , do feedingstuffs not also have to be checked regularly , and not just the foodstuffs that , as it were , result from them ?
There are <unk> clear arguments in favour of that , as Commissioner Schreyer has just again confirmed , and they cannot simply be swept aside .
We now need to actually implement the charter we established for SMEs , for example , but also the action plan for the simplification of regulation .
I am thinking particularly of Mr Fischler here , and the contribution he made during the negotiations .
But we have to remember that we cannot finance a meaningful regional policy for the new Europe out of the present budgetary resources .
Instead of making this a condition of entry , and using the accession of Cyprus as a <unk> , the European Union contents itself with supposedly <unk> the fact that it is opening its doors to a divided country .
This working group will give its conclusions next March , which will provide the IGC with a sort of data bank for the reconstruction of a more effective third pillar .
Thirdly , we have assessed the consequences the planting of <unk> crops would have on set-aside land .
We should be thankful to the National Council of Resistance of Iran for <unk> the cover off Iran ’ s <unk> nuclear programme .
The proposal also seeks to lay down common rules for the right to <unk> VAT on certain categories of expenditure which have an element of private consumption such as food , drink , <unk> accommodation and passenger cars .
I therefore feel that , while we are waiting for the Commission and , above all , the Council , to explain to us what the actual possibilities are behind the intentions expressed so clearly by the Italian Presidency at the start of its mandate , we can start to lay down this challenge .
I nonetheless feel that Turkey should be given as fair a chance as possible .
I am glad that the response was positive and glad to find this kind of European motivation in Bulgaria .
We have therefore requested clarity and better organisation of the system as a whole .
There is no room for compromise or indifference .
Like the rapporteur , I am pleased to highlight the progress made , albeit limited , by the CFSP during the past year , but I also <unk> this with the <unk> approach and the difficulties surrounding each step forward , as well as the distance we still have to travel before the European Union has a genuine common foreign and security policy .
The EU should therefore resolve to take joint decisions that are both courageous and practical , as it is no longer enough to provide EUR 200 million in aid .
Why do you say that the President of Parliament is denying anybody the right to express an opinion ?
Perhaps in this way we are also demonstrating that we are responsible politicians .
I was asked about food safety and I did not say a word about the six-month period you cite .
I will end , Mr President , by making some brief comments in response to the questions by Mr Salafranca on what my strictly personal and humble vision may be of the near future of the European security and defence policy : firstly , the Convention must reconsider the institutional structure of this pillar , bearing in mind the <unk> aspect .
Subject to rules of prudence , institutions must have complete freedom of investment .
Finally , it should be noted that rural tourism plays an important role in the Community &apos;s cohesion policy .
On the left and the right , up and down , we are always saying that the UN should do this and the UN should do that … Now , the UN has decided .
If sensible steps are not taken to monitor it , globalisation will <unk> further demonstrations and more social conflict .
The founding of this Criminal Court is a European Union project and at the same time it <unk> our system of values .
That is why we are prepared to go along with Article <unk> to make sure that the money goes to TENs , goes to research and development and , at the same time , that the Irish peace process is not left out of those priorities .
In this context , allow me to say a final word to Mr Markov .
It is to a large extent a question of mutual recognition of social security provisions , employment insurance schemes , pension systems and so on , which is also important in the context of freedom of movement .
As promised , the Commission will swiftly take the necessary steps to ensure its implementation .
The reports , which were submitted on 9 and 13 December , confirmed the earlier view , namely that there were no grounds for <unk> that the <unk> <unk> maize would result in harmful effects for health and the environment .
.
On the other hand , we have reservations regarding the creation of a new European body which is mentioned in Article 16 ( d ) and Article 28 .
I commend this measure to the House .
That is the next great step in the building of Europe .
I feel that action needs to be taken to prevent this great discrimination in the German compensation against Italian prisoners of war and Italian civilian forced <unk> .
Several directions will therefore have to be opened up or reaffirmed so that the market can play its part without prices <unk> and taking incomes with them .
I want to thank Denmark for having been so active in this area , and I shall put Greece on the same scales that we used to <unk> Denmark &apos;s efforts , with the praise that resulted .
This idea led to a meeting of a group of experts , better known as the <unk> group , which was given the task of studying the economic and social implications of industrial change .
I am aware of the conclusions arrived at by the United Nations Legal Service on this matter , of course .
It would no longer be necessary to discuss precisely those minimum standards for procedural safeguards that we were debating in great depth earlier if our Treaties had a single legal basis .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the issue we are debating today refers of course to the forthcoming European elections , but it also has wider significance for the participation of women in political life .
( Parliament rejected the motion for a resolution ) Motion for a resolution ( <unk> / 2001 ) by Mr Goebbels , on behalf of the PSE Group , on the Stockholm European Council on 23 and 24 March 2001 : follow-up to the Lisbon process According to the Treaty , this blueprint is supposed to be ready by the end of this year , and it is being increasingly widely reported that the Central Bank is probably going to pursue a policy of controlling the money supply .
After that , it will be legally possible , against the spirit of the Basel Convention , to ship waste to countries that do not have a sound social or environmental policy .
While on the subject , I should also like to point out the concern which can be observed in some of those countries that they may be relegated to a sort of &quot; second division &apos; .
We particularly note the call on the Commission to draw up a proposal for a framework directive on this subject .
The Commission will continue to make every effort to encourage third countries that have not yet done so to sign and / or ratify the Statute .
The Council and the Commission know all that , yet they are standing in this House ’ s way like a wall of concrete , shoulder to shoulder together in a way I have never seen before .
Finally , I would just like to tell Mr Bolkestein that in my country , Sweden , where we have the highest food prices , there is a movement to improve the situation .
Nevertheless there is a perception on the part of the public and by a large part of the political world that there is insufficient democratic control of Europol , and various avenues are being <unk> to intensify that control .
Not to mention the never ending executions in Burundi .
That is how it should be in a democracy and therefore I would once again call on your understanding that we cannot provide more information until the time when the investigation is completed , the necessary conclusions can be drawn and I am very willing to keep the respective parliamentary committees or Members of Parliament informed on this subject .
That is why this International Criminal Court is a central <unk> in the strengthening of the international legal community .
I wish that the President-in-Office could ask some very pointed questions of certain Member States and of certain companies .
It is essential in order to provide information on the <unk> and spatial <unk> in the condition of forests .
Parliament therefore needs to be given a bit of money or , rather , a bit of extra money .
We have a <unk> spending policy ; today &apos;s spending is at 1988 levels .
It appears paramount to me that a sound political relationship should be established with the natural oil producing countries .
It is therefore of pressing importance to implement immediate effective measures with the clearly stated aim of <unk> Western Sahara .
The trade movement asked for a <unk> Europe &apos; , and the Council , the Commission and Parliament created the impression that this social Europe was on its way .
Lastly , I would like to end with a wish .
Madam President , I very much regret that Commissioner van den Broek is not here for this part of the debate .
<unk> , that in the future ‘ Peace Programme ’ funding will be distributed in a way contrary to equality measures and equality provisions .
It is of course by pure chance that we are now in a situation in which we must ask for the discharge to be postponed because we simply do not know enough .
By the way , the matter is obviously unacceptable because they are not <unk> their arguments on the Rules of Procedure but on a rather inappropriate interpretation of the rules governing Parliament .
Mr President , after 11 September , we succeeded in cutting back on the leeway which terrorists had , by taking numerous and effective European measures .
The fact is that the seven years we are talking about – a period running until 2013 – amounts to nine years from today .
On the second , economic and financial pillar , the progress made is increasingly evident .
It is a good thing to want to monitor nutrition claims in order to prevent the <unk> of <unk> and diabetes from selling their highly <unk> drinks and <unk> food under cover of excessive claims concerning the energy they provide .
We need to translate them into practical actions and implement them through the most appropriate instruments .
The new text does not contain an amendment giving Third World countries in particular , but countries in general , the right to protect their own biodiversity .
<unk> , &apos; I says to them , &apos; they want to bring that Europe much closer to our citizens , so that &apos;s all right , is n &apos;t it ? &apos;
It is the small-scale rural sector , including those <unk> <unk> crops , that should be the object of our development assistance in this field , and hence should be the object of the regulation .
That is my first point .
What sort of monitoring system does the Commission envisage in order to allow for both voluntary action and legislative regulation ?
The Council has therefore drawn up the programme for the next five years on the basis of the evaluation submitted by the Commission in June .
If these groups are involved in the right way , <unk> will also develop very much more quickly .
The development of European football competitions not only creates good sport that , again , our citizens enjoy , but it makes Europe more real for many of our citizens .
He is someone who is no longer a member of the Labour Party but who was elected as a Member of the Labour Party .
The role of the Central European Bank and the central banks cannot be absolute , not more so than their powers .
The complaints submitted up to now appear to have been all rejected by the highest authorities and reportedly the results of the election have been declared definitive .
In the field of tourism , for example , we are working with the criminal investigation departments of several countries , and in the case I have just mentioned , the <unk> Zealand <unk> Report &apos; , we are cooperating with the British authorities , that goes without saying .
It is a question of making sure that all the social criteria we say we stand for are respected in the international division of labour which is affecting this sector .
I realise that large sections of this House do not agree with me , but my group and I completely support Mrs Schörling in this connection .
Yet we have identified a number of areas where changes will be required for the broad consensus that we would like to see to emerge .
And that is what we shall do , no more no less , because we are obliged to do so .
We know that we are extremely limited in what we can do .
Mr President , thank you for the record amount of time you have allocated to me , as a result of which I shall be to the point and say first of all that my group supports Mr Brok ’ s report as well as the compromises we have struck in the Committee on Foreign Affairs ; I would like to express my appreciation for the work he has done since it is , I think , important that the two major groups more or less take the same line on such an important topic as our relationship with the United States .
We owe it to the men and women who are fighting for freedom .
But at least we held out for some minimum things .
At the last part-session we discussed ways of improving the implementation of the common fisheries policy and , in approving the Provan report , stressed the essential part which monitoring had to play in it .
<unk> million people over the age of 60 do not just want a sense of belonging to society , they also particularly want realistic legislation within the EU single market .
We want it all the less because , behind all the fine speeches about a people &apos;s Europe , transparency , democracy , employment and prosperity , lies petty political <unk> .
Why ?
It is difficult to cover the whole issue in two minutes .
We must ensure that the Union is , and is seen to be , as close as possible to its citizens .
If you wish to pass value judgements here , please ensure that you are in possession of all the facts first and then levy criticism where it is really due and not on the basis of <unk> or suspicion .
<unk> and therapeutic measures and measures to <unk> users are needed , together with a movement which will fight to overturn the social causes and the barbaric policy of capitalism which leads to drugs .
I will therefore willingly give them more speaking time .
So I shall simply take this opportunity to say to Mr Dupuis , in connection with the previous question , you should show some respect , you really should .
At present , European dynamism will be improved by dismantling <unk> structures , for example , barriers to trade , which are still <unk> the creation of a genuine internal market .
I am fully aware of the interest in this Parliament on the state of affairs concerning the closure of Chernobyl , because that is what we are ultimately discussing , and it is also why we are presently having a debate on what type of alternative energy capacity will be installed .
There is one decision that must be put in a dual context .
The message Parliament must send to the Council is that we believe that this is how things should be done in practice .
Finally , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I welcome the progress made with the conciliation procedure in general , which has enabled us , in quite a short time , to arrive at the results I have the honour to present this evening .
We are therefore in an embarrassing position with a government which , I believe in good faith , thought that it had done its work whereas we have had to remind it that it had additional work .
Mr President , Mrs <unk> , I am finally beginning to feel reassured as regards the animal feed sector , since we are going to take into consideration that what we feed those animals destined for human consumption also ends up on the consumer &apos;s <unk> .
Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf said that he was going to speak for the five minutes allotted to him and that is what he has done .
Furthermore , as you have said , considerable delays were also experienced in improving or building infrastructures between the Union and candidate countries .
We also used our common sense with regard to the olive oil system ; we have secured long-term financial support for farmers ; we worked on the right to historical payment with reference to the average of payments paid to an individual producer as production aid during the reference period , and above all , we have introduced and pushed for financial intervention in support of quality products , traceability , market monitoring , the promotion and strengthening of producers ’ organisations and specific environmental measures .
The idea is to draw up minimum rules .
.
You might interpret that as a question , but what you are describing is our concern and yours that the electoral process should be carried out correctly and everything that is related to that .
Much needs to be done to bring this idea of a European voluntary Humanitarian Aid <unk> into the arena of what I would recommend .
We in Parliament have said that this is one of our European policy priorities .
This means that there is no reliable control mechanism in this sector .
All I can do is start my speech by repeating <unk> &apos;s famous remark : I realize everything is against me except your personal kindness .
We will certainly ensure that the procedure adopted for the Convention , and the implementation of this procedure , do not become a blueprint for any other institutions which may be set up at European level at any time in the future .
I want you to take into account the sincere congratulations of our group and I would also like to join in the congratulations for our Commissioner , <unk> de Palacio , for the rigour , efficiency and seriousness she has demonstrated in her work on maritime safety since taking up her position .
Food additives other than colours and sweeteners In countries with low direct payments prior to accession , it should moreover be possible to provide the option of exceeding that level .
One thing which I believe we can do together here is to ensure that , in the negotiations with new Member States , we oppose in every way the abuse of children and the trafficking in children which is taking place , with children being exported from Eastern Europe and non-European countries .
This amendment is covered by the vote on <unk> 1 .
It is extremely important that the process leading to possible membership is conducted democratically and openly , preferably concluding with a referendum .
Meanwhile , we know that these rates are significantly lower in the majority of the Member States .
It is interesting to observe how all those who are party to this process deem the European Union &apos; s role to be of central importance .
The only way to raise such standards is to continue dialogue .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the peace process in former Yugoslavia and more particularly in <unk> does indeed continue to be very hard going .
Mr Posselt , you know that we have not yet completed Question Time and that you are out of order .
The debate on Mrs Thyssen ’ s report is suspended .
We must look into the past to find the answer to this question .
The first Euro-Mediterranean Conference marked the beginning of a new stage in relations between the Mediterranean countries and Europe .
Research must support innovation , but it should not be totally <unk> solely towards increasing competitiveness , as is the case with the Commission ’ s guidelines , following Wim Kok ’ s report .
Firstly , as regards consumers , I regret that the Commission proposal has not been kept as it was .
The President-in-Office obviously has in mind the reply which the Commission gave on precisely this issue , which says that a reference to religion infringes Directive 46 / 95 on personal data .
<unk> are able to exploit differences between the legal systems of various Member States and the difficulties in <unk> such people , especially when such an act is not covered by law in a given State .
.
We want to see the powers of the Union increased in the <unk> of environmental policy , social policy , foreign policy , etc .
This is why we have called for a trialogue as soon as possible once this reading is complete , so that we can get down to the substance of the discussions .
In this respect clearly something must be done .
For me that is a massive dimension of funding which could very well be invested in the UK economy to help those people in the industry .
However , that means that Israel must make sacrifices too .
We have won twelve , drawn four and lost four .
I should also like to comment upon the highly ideological charge I heard made against liberal Europe , about which so many bad things are said .
The Danish Presidency presented a draft framework decision on the protection of the environment through criminal law , which proposed enforcing stricter penalties whilst also respecting the freedom of the Member States to establish their legal basis on the third pillar , which is on the purely intergovernmental part of the Treaty .
Europe cannot enlarge itself the way it is now .
Please , put your house in order so that your successor can really push ahead with implementing the improved Leonardo programme , and I support Mrs Waddington &apos;s appeals to Mr Santer to do everything he can to help you in this .
I agree with you that Europe &apos;s credibility is at stake here more than ever , because how are we to explain to people that the Commission can intervene to prevent firms from receiving government aid , but not to prevent closures where even the most basic rules of worker consultation have been <unk> ?
Should we not also consider the old idea of a <unk> council , with a new and changed mandate being given to try , in certain cases , to combine democracy , tolerance and peaceful coexistence ?
What are the results ?
.
At Hampton Court last year , European Union leaders agreed to develop a common approach .
Everyone must have a chance .
I do wonder how agendas are determined in this Parliament .
We must ensure that we keep enough shipyards in Europe in the future for objective as well as for purely economic reasons .
I welcome Mrs <unk> &apos;s report and salute her for it .
The Commission immediately <unk> the French authorities .
Perhaps it was not a very <unk> presidency and did not have any great high points , perhaps it was an <unk> presidency ; but it was a presidency which has brought progress in many areas that had often been neglected for years - I need only think of transport , or of the framework research programme .
Therefore , it is up to Mr Juncker whether he replies or not .
It is for that reason that we welcome the imposition of safeguards .
Mr President , I , too , agree that <unk> progress has been made , and not just in terms of the Copenhagen criteria - a rather cold , <unk> expression which <unk> up an image of this Europe that always wants to be seen as a model of democracy .
Mr President , President Trichet , Commissioner Almunia , ladies and gentlemen , I welcome the Annual Report of the European Central Bank as a demonstration of transparency , and its presentation and debate in Parliament as an exercise in democratic responsibility .
After the systematic human rights violations of communist regimes , including barbarous abortion practices , she should be ashamed of such an <unk> <unk> .
We shall all do our utmost to ensure that the visit by Mr de <unk> and his colleagues is a great success .
The next item is the joint debate on the following six proposals for resolutions on Tibet : We do not want to wait until the Commission kindly grants us a debate ; we call upon the Commission to come here to Parliament and discuss the issue with us .
It is therefore important to obtain access to these resources .
I should like to say quite clearly at this point that the Commission will do everything within its powers to fight fraud and that applies not only to the future , but to clearing up past cases .
The various recent announcements referred to by previous speakers , be they by Michelin or <unk> , are <unk> in this respect .
As requested by the Council , the Commission will continue to inform the Turkish Cypriot community about the advantages of accession to the European Union .
<unk> is cultural <unk> , but it is also an interesting aspect of tolerance and mutual respect .
<unk> animals must be included .
Furthermore , I would remind the House that sustainable development , of which climate policy forms a very important part , is a concept <unk> in all areas of cooperation with third states , the Cotonou agreement with the ACP countries being one example .
How do you intend to achieve legal certainty that the US authorities will only receive data needed to fight terrorism and no other data ?
The problem the report describes is indeed the one we are going to have to face in the years ahead .
It is , then , all the more regrettable that the Commission proposal for Europe-wide enhancement of occupational retirement provision in the Internal Market as part of the Financial Services Action Plan has to this moment still <unk> no official response from the Council , so that we are at the moment unable to negotiate .
We do have a political means available , however , which is to adopt a motion of censure against the Commission , on the grounds that the report indicates that it too made serious mistakes .
We will , however , not support the <unk> report for several reasons .
So this problem needs to be addressed if we want proper implementation of Community law .
We are convinced that the future MEPs from the new Member States will support our demands .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , just as he did on his five-year term of office , just as he did on reduced VAT rates for <unk> , Mr Chirac has <unk> for the third time about the Bolkestein directive .
If we wish to postpone the whole thing until the year 2006 , then we can let this go too .
Common resources are rapidly being developed for the Union in the areas of systems of command , intelligence and strategic transport .
Question No 7 by John McCartin ( <unk> / 98 ) If the truth be told , I am getting a little <unk> of the response by the Commission and Council who say : Mr Lagendijk , economic sanctions are ineffective .
If we are to move in the direction I have indicated we could , then in the right circumstances , this would represent a substantial shift from our original offer of a 39 % average farm tariff cut , which is already much higher than the cuts accepted in the Uruguay Round .
Mr President , I would like to take this opportunity to seek the support of the European Parliament for European funding to carry out <unk> surveys and in particular to seek financial assistance for national authorities to carry out <unk> tests .
Finally , cooperation between social partners will be encouraged and the organisation of labour relations will be brought up to date , at the same time guaranteeing flexibility and security .
The health of consumers really should be our overriding concern , and with regard to final products we now know , for example , that gelatine is contained in cake <unk> and in <unk> , which are so popular with children .
My question is , what kind of a rule of law state is this ?
It relates to the long negotiations we have had since the Seville European Council , between Parliament , the Commission and the Council on the issue of better lawmaking .
I count on Parliament ’ s support in this respect .
This gap is symbolic of the distance between the European Union and its citizens .
That says something about the fact that , by virtue of having listened to one another over the years , we have at least made a start on taking ideology out of the debate on drugs .
Why has this been so complicated ?
Just as the rapporteur has proposed , primary goals should include a strategy for continued support , transitional measures , or the <unk> of a programme in a given region .
Sadly , however , that hope was <unk> .
So we shall naturally continue to pursue this possibility of transatlantic dialogue , so as to ensure that we can achieve our objectives with the agreement of those involved .
You can be sure that the Presidency will do everything in its power to facilitate a compromise that is acceptable to all .
We therefore proposed that resources be allocated at European level to assist the promotion , monitoring and assessment of an ecologically and socially sustainable tourism policy , which , however , was rejected .
Otherwise , there is no change for provisions on cadmium or mercury .
The Committee on Fisheries welcomes the fact that the Commission has addressed the issue of harmonised penalties in chapter 5 of its proposals on the conservation and sustainable exploitation of fisheries resources .
It is a very unfortunate precedent at these times , which are so important for the fate of the new multilateral trade round .
We will now get working on making it a reality .
I also support the approach taken by Commissioner Byrne in guaranteeing that all interested parties are given due representation with regard to the implementation of the new directives and regulations under the White Paper on food safety .
The latest statistics and information gathered from international organisations and NGOs point at four million .
The alternative to this unsatisfactory situation is a project linking the electricity networks between Lithuania and Poland .
I do not intend to be known as the Chairman of the Budgets Committee who sold out those rights for such a small amount of money .
The Union will be better placed to exercise a positive influence on questions associated with human rights when the <unk> association agreement has been ratified .
These structures were established on this date .
In the long term we must aim to achieve the ultimate .
Only yesterday we voted measures to compensate for the cost of research for paediatric medicine .
However , there are some things I am still not clear about .
We have achieved a ban on <unk> with immediate effect , so that it has been moved from a list of restricted substances to a list of banned substances .
Almost <unk> people died .
In Buenos Aires we kept the momentum of Kyoto by establishing the action plan which was one of the objectives of Buenos Aires and deciding on other measures like the <unk> of a compliance system .
This means that state aid to make good damage caused can be accepted - though as you know , this has been applied by the Commission in a very stringent and cautious and restrictive manner - concerning the four days following 11 September , as a result of the closure of US air space , and measures to cover the excess costs of insurance in air transport for one month or if needed to the end of the year .
Although we are only now beginning to recognise the new challenges that will face the coastal regions in the decades to come , the integrated coastal zone management strategy cannot <unk> ignore them .
The 1 % limit on any <unk> - which I and others have been informed is already being exceeded by <unk> etc .
in terms of their requirements for food - is also a limit which I am told can quite easily be met by anyone wishing to avoid having to label foods containing <unk> , because of <unk> contamination , whatever that means .
<unk> in trade policy to bring about changes in what can be broadly defined as social clauses is , in my view , the wrong way to go , for the same reason given by the Council representative in his answer on Albania , namely that &quot; sanctions are against people . &apos;
We have checked the original version signed by the group and it said <unk> &apos; .
( The sitting was suspended at <unk> p. m. and resumed at 9 p. m . ) Although Mr Hänsch has pointed very accurately to some difficulties and potential contradictions that will mean that these proposals have to be more fully thought through to deal with the question , what about the risks of deadlock in the system which you are suggesting ?
I can confirm that the Commission is in the process of preparing to implement this analysis .
I sincerely hope that we , the Commission and you yourselves will achieve consensus on this matter .
However , much can be done to limit the disastrous consequences which floods often have for the health and life of man , economic activity and property and the environment in Europe .
Without solidarity , we can never be united .
We also need to complement action at national level with a European action for universities , for research and for innovation .
Surely , there is a whole world of possibilities between preliminary policy coordination on the one hand and complete <unk> on the other .
The aim of the anti-dumping duties is precisely to offset the effects of China ’ s and Vietnam ’ s protectionist , <unk> practices .
And I <unk> n &apos;t help wondering it even more when I attend debates and votes in this House .
She is right to call for supervision of the chemical composition of substances like ecstasy , which is unfortunately often used by young people at parties , and to call for a better <unk> of best practices and lowest risks .
You have just invented forms of compromise amendments although there are no amendments to start with .
It is forgetting just one thing : this equality is not provided for by Article 202 of the Treaty , which <unk> the power principally on the Council .
This is an important debate , and it is important that we demonstrate solidarity with the citizens of countries that have become the victims of forest fires , especially the Spanish .
I would wish , indeed I would demand that all European resources that go to the regions are also clearly recorded as such and shown in figures .
My group also agrees that Member States have to work together better to tackle terrorism , but we remain suspicious of the Council &apos;s intent to employ biometric identifiers widely .
We must also work on making the progress made in favour of the population visible so that the people do not <unk> into <unk> after 25 years of war .
I believe that the proposal put forward in the Committee of the Regions that the Commission should draw up a separate programme of principles and activities for the Union &apos;s northern regions deserves every support .
<unk> <unk> analysis and assessment : several analyses of these threats have been carried out by Europol and the EU ’ s Joint Situation Centre , <unk> .
The <unk> of the interests of the consumer on the one hand , and retail trade on the other , is in our opinion not realistic .
And I believe that behind this <unk> campaign is hidden the attempt of large companies to import cheap tobacco which is of lower quality than European tobacco .
We could have presented an alternative text here , but this would have been a serious mistake because in our view , resolving a matter as serious and important as this requires us to do everything that we can , except to put forward proposals that divide Parliament .
<unk> , as with many human phenomena , affects men and women in different ways : it is by no means a <unk> phenomenon .
<unk> the BSE and dioxin problem .
Mr <unk> has requested to speak .
We hope the Council - and Parliament - will be receptive towards this proposal , because amongst other things this tax is recognition of the Canary Islands &apos; fiscal regime , and it is also coherent with the economic diversification strategy drawn up by the European Union for the outermost regions and prevents job losses .
Air transport is treated differently under the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change in terms of how its greenhouse gas emissions are <unk> for .
Moreover , too frequently , they pool their efforts to ensure the continued service life in the immediate future of tools that have no real future , to the detriment of lucrative investments that could stimulate economic <unk> in their region .
I did not wish to renegotiate with a view to reaching a <unk> compromise just a few hours after having approved the Laeken Declaration that aims to put an end to just such a manner of running the European Union .
The same applies to enlargement .
I used to be one myself .
We feel that it is premature to grant Europol far-reaching powers , and maintain our conviction that different national legal traditions mean that the way forward must be by cooperation , not harmonisation .
And I said : ‘ I am .
I think it is a rather <unk> approach to make .
We know that Member States do not supply up-to-date data if systems are voluntary .
It means that , as far as we are concerned , there will be an intensive and open dialogue with the European Parliament .
We must get the policy right .
The former Spanish Government , which for a long time fought EU initiatives to introduce climate taxes and to alter the energy system with a view to protecting the climate , must , in actual fact , be criticised on this point .
It needs to be strengthened because refugees face more than just state persecution and because very often it is not just individuals who are targeted but whole families .
We cannot , therefore , respond in a satisfactory manner to the human tragedies that are <unk> on our soil .
I note that this method is new compared to that of previous agendas .
We therefore support the principle of linguistic equality , Commissioner , and would draw your attention to our recommendation for a procedure providing for such equality and a range of languages , on condition that this does not result in undue cost .
The tragic terrorist attacks in America last September highlighted the need for European Union Member States and our international partners to bolster cooperation to defeat the <unk> of international terrorism .
It is doing an extraordinary job in channelling Community assistance to the former Republic of Yugoslavia and former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia .
Here the aim is to develop , structure and support employer / worker relations in European policy .
Without money , we can tell <unk> <unk> for <unk> <unk> , but not a single <unk> or one square metre of a <unk> will be spared from destruction .
On the contrary , since the beginning of this year , we have stepped up our aid to the Palestinians .
It is the only answer to give to a concerned public .
A further highly negative aspect of the allocation of the grants is the bureaucratic financing procedure , which is currently seriously behind schedule .
It is important to be aware that Parliament , the Commission and Council share almost the same views on this important issue .
Article 7a deals with the establishment of the internal market by 31 December 1992 .
However , I should also like to add something to what Mr Tomlinson has said .
The old games between <unk> are at work , and the victim is not just the Algerian people , but Algeria itself , and its <unk> and ultimately most faithful friends .
We , as the European Parliament , will soon have to ask ourselves what recommendations we might make in order to change this situation as quickly as possible .
We have only to look to our own experience .
The significance of improved conditions for families with children , increased equality and lifelong learning should be highlighted more clearly as means of meeting the demographic challenges .
In that way they can stimulate and help the small and medium enterprises existing in those respective countries .
The vote will be taken tomorrow at <unk> a. m <unk>
This is something that clearly <unk> the creation of common tax rules under the European <unk> Statute , ensuring that its activities are not hampered by discriminatory tax rules or by restrictions or distortions arising from the tax provisions of Member States .
We cannot accept the long-term financing of the dismantling of nuclear activities through a <unk> &apos; line , of an order which is left to chance .
Secondly , as he probably already knows , in previous incidents which have resulted in physical attacks on Spanish drivers <unk> fruit and similar produce , there is a case before the Court of Justice and before too long there should be conclusions reached with particular relevance to that case .
They have been a great help to many patients .
<unk> in Europe that have <unk> their health by <unk> down would not understand if their ‘ reward ’ was now to have to compete with neighbours that were suddenly subsidised .
In order to ensure that the <unk> has the desired results , it is impossible to <unk> the need for technological neutrality and interoperability , which is one of the pillars of European innovation in this field .
The <unk> of the <unk> is of lesser importance .
When more than half of the people in the Union &apos;s Member States went on holiday last year - and that number is growing - specific attention to tourists &apos; consumer rights is obviously essential .
It is for this reason that our group places such great importance on support for employment policies which go beyond the coordination of national policies and Community guidelines .
Among the political criteria there are areas which still require our attention : good governance in the broadest sense of the word , international criminality , the functioning of the constitutional state - but I must repeat that the criteria have been met .
Either a standard is safe or it is not .
I will discuss with the members of the Court whether and to what extent we could examine this in a special report and how it would fit into our schedule .
To conclude then , the Commission will be able to accept the following amendments if they are approved : Nos 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 11 , 13 , 14 , 18 , 21 , 22 , 23 , 24 , 25 , 27 , 29 , 31 , 33 , first part of 36 , 38 , 39 , 43 and 44 .
The report was quite right in stating what had to be done , and the work has been a support .
I would like to mention the report which the European Union &apos;s special representative in Afghanistan , <unk> <unk> , presented to the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy around a year ago .
Are we not <unk> the tenth anniversary of the International Convention on the Rights of the Child today ?
Our Assembly &apos;s Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs has understood this so well that it is falling over itself to propose removing other powers from the Member States , for example the right to break off issuing permits for reasons connected with there being insufficient capacity to receive immigrants .
In that respect , we need a genuine Pact for young people .
This must be examined for both options , and in my opinion the examination must include , as you suggested , the actual consequences of the continuation of duty-free on the <unk> retail sector , for example , in certain Member States and in the areas in question .
In this respect , the Council has stressed that in addressing this issue the WTO ministerial conference should make clear that it rejects all attempts to undermine the competitive advantage enjoyed by developing countries in the matter of wage rates .
Mr President , Mrs Patrie &apos;s suggestion comes as a huge surprise to me , because not a single new issue was raised during the extensive debate we held here yesterday , both in the morning and in the afternoon , and because Commissioner Bolkestein has also emphatically confirmed that the Green Paper and the draft regulation are completely compatible .
Mrs Hautala put her finger on a very sensitive issue : she suggested that the financial perspectives be reviewed in order to speed up the enlargement process .
Now , it will be in May , and that is something we must live with .
<unk> and <unk> batteries are already on the market .
This will help to reduce the imbalance between countries with high and low production capacities and will contribute towards the increased circulation of European audiovisual works both within and outside the EU .
The European Union should therefore review its political relations with this African republic and call on President Obiang to establish the rule of law that has been lost and to begin to open up democracy for the good of his country .
In this area , the text largely fulfils the Commission &apos;s hopes .
This is expressly written into the Treaty of Amsterdam .
– Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we agree on the fact that terrorism is the enemy of <unk> , and we are concerned that after the London attacks the matter is back on this Parliament ’ s agenda , partly because in June it had been discussed in a number of reports and also in connection with the subject of data protection .
This proposal does in fact signal some progress in Europe , but I cannot <unk> <unk> my <unk> - <unk> , even - on <unk> that the recognition of European political parties as legal persons has not yet been confirmed .
I know it takes longer , but should we not always have a show of hands first ?
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p. m . As we enter the 21st century , more Community efforts will be required in order to make decisive improvements to industrial competitiveness , to avoid large-scale ecological damage and to combat the economic exclusion of entire segments of the population .
In the coming months and years the Member States and the European Union must make definitive choices , choices which <unk> both economic and social needs , and it is very difficult to combine the two .
President Barroso is not present , but I would like to remind him , nevertheless , that we also pay a price for inactivity .
Meanwhile , however , there is no reason to suspend the regulation for third-country aircraft , for the very simple reason that the regulation concerning such aircraft only enters into force in 2002 .
Do you believe therefore that there is unanimity on this point within public opinion ?
Despite all the commitments made at the highest level , the Council did not manage to take the decisions which it had envisaged .
The <unk> &apos; s first task in this reinforced , economic coordination , is to outline the <unk> of the eurozone &apos; s economic policy .
The lady journalist asked me the same question , to which I responded by asking whether it was not the case in all European countries , as it is at any rate in my own homeland , that disciplinary proceedings are set in motion only after the <unk> services and the relevant <unk> have decided on the prosecution of offences .
It is not merely in the economic interest of both sides that this European support should still be forthcoming .
Madam President , Commissioner , the debate on the agricultural <unk> of Agenda 2000 and its 8 regulations would appear to provide us with a solid legislative structure and a whole range of attractive new elements .
<unk> commercial services and applications are essential if we are to achieve a leading position in the space race .
At the end of 2002 , the amount still to be paid had been reduced by a further 50 % .
I remember his visit to the great symbol of that gross division , Berlin , with its wall .
Budgetary policy might , and should , play a part in <unk> the economy , and in order for that to be possible budgets will have to be balanced , or show a credit surplus .
If I have to propose a <unk> and a quota then I have to take into consideration a specific period and , as in the case of NAFO , the chosen period is five years .
I am at a loss as to why chocolate has been <unk> out in this respect because there are many other food products being <unk> from Third World countries where the same issues <unk> – labelling issues and quality standards are very important across the whole of the sector .
In reality , we know that things have turned out differently .
The Member States of the EU are hard hit by cuts in the social sector , the care sector and in public services resulting from the implementation of the convergence programme .
European companies are , of course , free to try , off their own <unk> , to compete with the American product with something that is of superior quality .
It is true , Commissioner , that you cannot do much at the moment because of the constraints of the Treaties , but maybe you could speed up policy coordination and even join us in calling - as we are doing - for the forthcoming Convention to develop such instruments , legal instruments which will make it possible to create a sectoral policy that will help us face the challenges of the future .
What we are now seeing is a sort of <unk> of European cooperation , which is a backward step .
I assume that the ESA - the European Space Agency - will act as the EU &apos;s technological arm in this area .
It is important to ensure that aid funds are not used for military purposes .
Fatuzzo ( PPE-DE ) .
As you yourself said , manifest deficiencies mean that the United Kingdom has to make massive investments in such public services as transport , health and housing , and that sort of investment too must make up the <unk> in the services sector , which we are in the process of liberalising .
Given the circumstances , how could one possibly imagine that this constitutes a forward development ?
We are combining everything under the heading of terrorism .
On further consideration , however , all of the difficulties come to mind and , on still further reflection , the question arises as to whether the proposal would create more problems than it would solve and , ultimately , of whether the costs might not <unk> the benefits .
The Commission was asked by the Council to reflect on ways in which relations with Turkey could be further developed building on the Customs Union .
If this is so , we must ensure that Venice is one of the centres driving this new entrepreneurship .
We call upon the Presidency of the Council and the Commission to make it clear , once again , at all formal and informal meetings with the United States , how much importance Europe attaches to this issue .
I salute the quiet but effective diplomacy of Mr Solana and his colleagues , the Belgian Presidency , the Commission and others , because , while America has been looking in another direction , we have managed to <unk> the worst of the tensions , a necessary <unk> to the Mitchell process which is the path to a viable peace .
But we must be careful not to raise false hopes .
Increased support will be given to private ownership and to ownership under intellectual property law .
You are well aware that we had indeed been informed that the Council was planning an initiative for 7 March this year , which it hoped would be common to all three institutions .
This is your victory .
<unk> procedure There is actually a contradiction between the search for profit and scientific research in the interests of society as a whole .
Mr President , I am very pleased that you are here this evening , Commissioner , because it gives me the opportunity to thank you for your contribution to this morning ’ s debate on poverty .
<unk> Decision of the EEA Joint Committee amending Annex IV ( Energy ) to the EEA Agreement - <unk> common position of the Community ( SEC ( 1999 ) <unk> - <unk> / 99 - 1999 / <unk> ( CNS ) ) ( Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy ) Despite these defects , I am delighted that the voluntary service initiative is finally taking shape .
In this context , I must draw your attention to an important point .
On 26 February , the UK informed the Council of Agriculture Ministers of the situation in the country and reported on the measures taken to prevent the disease from spreading .
The third point is something that will obviously have to be discussed , and that is whether in future it will still be appropriate to hold these large-scale competitions , or whether it would be preferable to try and restrict the number of candidates so that the competitions can be better controlled .
However , the cost of all this is really about EU taxation for a centralised Europe and funding a satellite , is it not ?
Tourism serves as a source of income to totalitarian regimes .
The Directive on paint is a harmonisation directive and will without a doubt be a good thing for the industry , which would like to see clear , unambiguous rules in the internal market .
We already have experience of both from enlargement to Spain and Portugal .
In the same press release , I also clearly stated that even if the current programmes could be <unk> or <unk> , there is no possibility of the EU making extra funds available , either within the rules of the Structural Funds or of other policies .
You refer in your report to the situation of former civil servants , such as Mr <unk> <unk> and Mr <unk> , prisoners of conscience who are still being detained and whom the European Union has repeatedly called upon the government to release on humanitarian grounds .
Community financing policy must be established in this spirit of economic dynamism .
Moreover , an additional problem arises in the Convention we are dealing with today : if a country which had not managed to successfully renegotiate a text wanted to be withdrawn by democratic means from part of or all of the text , it would be difficult to see how this would be possible when - as provided for by the Amsterdam Treaty - it would not have the right to re-establish unilaterally certain checks at its internal borders .
We also ask that the body of <unk> <unk> be returned and , in this respect , we ask for his family to be shown pity as well .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I too am very pleased that these two important directives have now finally reached the last stage of the decision-making process .
There has been a debate , albeit an inadequate one , in civil society .
My own group is still facing the same dilemma on that level .
The High Level Committee on Health has stated that the public health goal of pharmaceuticals policy is <unk> make readily accessible , <unk> , high quality and safe medicines , including their most recent innovative ones , to all those who need them , regardless of income or social status &apos; .
While , on the one hand , we believe that steering committees should ensure that the various projects are coherent and complementary , we would on the other hand urge the Commission to reinforce exchanges of information and coordination between the departments involved .
Besides , we already have a directive on driving licences that has regulated the appearance of driving licences issued within the EU .
This is not actually about poor artists ; Ms <unk> , you know how strongly I support your position against the large telecommunications companies .
It is also true that it is important to use a wide range of instruments , because the legal instrument is not enough .
( Parliament gave its assent ) We now have the option of adding a further heading since we now have four , and I shall put to the vote the request from the Technical Group of Independent Members to add a heading entitled <unk> &apos; .
We would prefer it to be 15 , but this is an issue on which we clearly support them .
How can we meet our commitments with regard to sustainable development which you encourage , as President-in-Office of the Council , when we know what it already costs the European Union ?
In an enlarged EU , they will probably account for a significantly higher percentage .
That concludes questions to the Commission .
Boumediene-Thiery report ( <unk> / 2000 ) I would like firstly to welcome the Commissioner &apos; s response but also to push him a little .
For example , the Military Committee in Brussels is discussing intervention in the Congo .
This is a prime example of a delivery gap which Parliament has closed but which requires more than warm words from the Council .
Of these , 30 have been accepted in full or in part by the Council .
But today I want to address those MEPs who see , behind this closer cooperation , the risk of too far-reaching consultation between the large countries .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
In response to Mr Barroso ’ s critics , I should like to remind them that it is the governments of the Member States who decide on the appointment of Commissioners .
Various companies have already written to the Commission <unk> their concern about this .
.
I understand , Commissioner , that you have already made it clear to the Irish Government , that this strategy will not result in any extra funding for Ireland .
We need to raise the rate of employment among women , develop an active ageing strategy and build a society characterised by lifelong learning .
We can give an excellent <unk> reason , namely the banana affair .
This is the only way that these families are going to recover their financial and social independence in the long run and the only way to prevent them from being marginalised in society .
I do not think it is reasonable to inform the people of Europe that there was a loss of EUR 14 million to the European budget arising out of this case .
By sticking with this concept , the <unk> coalition in Germany is <unk> a misguided path , which is neither covered nor called for by European analyses .
The international community must not <unk> its responsibility to protect .
I must not therefore , on behalf of the Council , stand here and evaluate the proposals that are made in the Convention .
The Commission indicated before second reading that Amendment No 27 was acceptable in principle - it was not to the Council .
The Commission &apos;s original text was more consistent with that objective than some of the amendments that were finally incorporated .
The parliament has set up a constitutional council , which is to set out the principles for constitutional reform to be implemented following the election results .
As far as the current fifteen Member States are concerned , enlargement is in the national interest of all of them .
It is self-evident that future urban planning must combine the ecological with the economic and social dimensions , including within it the creation of job vacancies and the promotion of education , culture and sport for both young and old .
As a <unk> , I must say that I am very surprised about this , to say the least .
The Commission talked longer this afternoon than all the Members put together , and as a result it is not possible for us to continue the debate now .
Thus , the committee agrees with the proposed global financial framework of ECU <unk> million and underlines the importance of the project being a financial support operation - that is , an instrument which provides financial support for the efforts of the groups concerned , thereby underpinning initiatives which must primarily be their responsibility .
Its separation from other EU norms is also highlighted by Euratom having its own framework for its research programme .
So how do we respond ?
Does it intend to take account of the proposals to set up a <unk> Community assistance programme in the field of human rights and democracy or to broadcast radio or TV programmes from neighbouring countries ?
In some respects , you secured a good agreement .
<unk> <unk> to a halt in Council because of the requirement for unanimity .
It is not an educational or training programme , but rather a one-sided propaganda organization .
The level of practical assistance from the Community and from the Member States has been pathetic .
Madam President , even to a slightly <unk> eye , there is clearly no trace of racism down the broad middle of this House .
Resumption of the session Secondly , please be so kind as to point out to your employees that the report is not from the Committee on Regional Policy , but from the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , because we are devising a transport policy for the whole Community , not just for the regions .
And it is important for Austria that a reference to the Alpine Convention should be included in the recitals of this Council directive .
There is nobody here from the Council to reply , Mrs Doyle , so we will forward your comments to the Council .
I would remind the House that the Union has not achieved the target of 3 % economic growth it set itself , and the gap between per capita GDP in the EU and in the US has actually grown , when it was supposed to disappear .
Madam President , I accept that there is aggravated nationalism , extremist nationalism and violent nationalism .
A bilateral meeting of the Korean and the EU industry and administration is under preparation for <unk> 1999 .
The Union &apos; s position , if that is the objective , should therefore be to seek a balance between , on the one hand , indicating our disagreement with the current development of the situation and , on the other hand , preventing it from serving as a pretext for declaring <unk> law , which would have the effect of delaying the elections that we want to take place .
Commissioner , I come from a small region of a million inhabitants .
The recognition of allowing the <unk> of reasonable costs conflicts with an obligation to <unk> at par value .
This has made it necessary to work out a more specific policy for the safety of nuclear installations , a need made more urgent still in light of the accession procedure and the beginning of agreements with the countries of the former Soviet Union .
It is unacceptable to use the excuse that we have no constitution , because tourism existed before the idea of a constitution , and will continue to exist even if a constitution is not approved , and it requires care and development .
In my group &apos;s view , it would therefore be very welcome if we could manage to simplify the text to a large extent and make it easier for farmers to understand .
We Europeans expect good reasons and give them ; that is something I regard as <unk> us .
The Commission must adopt a strong position on this issue and unequivocally defend our industry , by approving , as soon as possible , an ambitious plan which provides aid for operations , research and development and , of course , environmental aid .
That is outrageous !
With a <unk> number of purchases and lower defence appropriations , together with – and this is something important to remember – a significant increase in the need for research and development , Europe is not well placed if developments on our continent are to be more or less in balance with , for example , those in the United States .
That , Mr President , is the real scandal .
.
We are very pleased that Europe is becoming ever more united , that borders and regulations that hinder our cooperation and the full participation of Eastern Europe in the European Union are <unk> .
I do not think we should interrupt the sitting .
With regard to direct agricultural subsidies , the European Council supported the Commission &apos;s proposal : phasing in to commence in 2004 at 25 % and to be 100 % completed in 2013 .
We , the European People &apos; s Party and European Democrats are resolved to going down this path with you in the interests of Europe , if this is something you want .
Mr President , Commissioner , I wish to do as the Commissioner did and note that his area is one of the most important for European consumers .
On the threshold of the new century , the European Union faces many other problems , but <unk> many visions too .
We trust that all governments will attend .
It creates jobs and helps the excluded in this sense , and it improves the state of the environment .
It may be that it needs to be continued but at the same time we also need to be helping the <unk> by providing them with assistance to ensure that very fragile democracy elected in the last general election is able to establish itself .
Nowhere is this proverb better illustrated than in the case of driftnets .
Mr President , I should first of all like to thank our rapporteur , Mrs <unk> , who has tabled an excellent and interesting report .
Therefore , in my opinion , we have already achieved what was asked of us .
For purely legal reasons , the issue cannot be dealt with in this directive , but will have to be addressed by the other two directives .
In both the North and South of Ireland , similar directives are having a positive impact and changing both government practice and public <unk> with respect to domestic and commercial waste management .
The Commission must therefore <unk> its steps and take action to defer the agreement &apos;s entry into force .
We have had to note a cut in its budget for the coming year .
With this proposal , we will hopefully get the best of all <unk> .
I feel that these are strong arguments .
Mr President , there have been a number of Commission proposals in recent times aimed at improving safety at sea .
You said you will look at it and try to clarify the situation .
<unk> <unk> are an indicator of confidence and mobilisation .
More determined action is therefore called for , such as starting legal proceedings against those who have <unk> the provisions .
It is evident that the <unk> assumption by the European authorities - with the remarkable exception of the German Republic - is that war is , by now , a certainty .
Let me spell this out clearly : my group will be monitoring the Italian Presidency objectively , fairly and in a spirit of constructive criticism , just as it does with every presidency .
We are not talking about unacceptable interference in the internal affairs of a third country .
We do not accept the argument that price makes no difference to the amount of cigarettes consumed .
I did say &apos;if &apos; .
It is one thing that certain events are occurring under a government and quite another that it is causing them .
Is the Spanish Presidency , in tandem with the United States and Russia , prepared to launch a new peace initiative in the Middle East as a whole ?
I would like to give a push to accelerating work in this area .
As for consumers , we think it will be very hard for them to make sense of all the different prices which will be displayed .
No , because this is another area where there is competition now - I see Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf <unk> at me in amazement , because as an agricultural expert he has absolutely no experience of competition and this is all something completely new to him .
Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission has already informed Parliament in detail about the strategy and individual elements of the neighbourhood concept .
In doing so , Parliament will display an attitude of constructive criticism , by defending the essential points that are inadequately taken into account in the common position .
I have just voted for the motion of censure against the European Commission because of the incorrect , <unk> and scandalous manner in which two Commissioners have performed their duties .
This has close points of contact with the directive at present before us .
Several women ’ s organisations and tens of thousands of people have signed a petition declaring that buying sex is not a sport , but a form of sexual and physical exploitation of women , in which their bodies are regarded as <unk> that can be bought and sold .
The Court of Justice is therefore trying to prevent any <unk> by means of which this <unk> could be employed .
I would therefore thank the Belgian Presidency for the follow-up answer it has given me , to the effect that it will take action on the new situation in Afghanistan .
This <unk> is beginning to take effect and given time and the implementation of the Government &apos; s <unk> on Infrastructure , as outlined in the National Development Plan for the period 2000-2006 , the <unk> is certainly confident that it can reach this target for new projects in the Objective 1 region .
As far as criminal investigations are concerned , for which I am responsible , I take note of the invitation that was addressed to the Commission and the Council by several Members of the European Parliament to take this issue on board and to address it on a common legal basis , having regard to the relevance the interception of telecommunications may have as evidence before the courts .
I am particularly concerned with the element of well-being at work .
That may sound like a lot of money , but we should be aware that the socio-economic costs associated with this aid are perhaps a tenth or a <unk> of that amount and so amount to a few <unk> or <unk> of one per cent .
I , along with the rapporteur , welcome the Commission &apos;s emphasis on achieving a high level and rate of growth of employment .
I know that my presence could seem strange to many , because after 500 years , thanks to teachers and education , <unk> has a President with my ethnic background who , as a result of a statistical error , has become President of the Republic .
It seems to us that such changes do not help to restore consumers &apos; confidence either .
The biggest problem still existing , as identified in our discharge motion for resolution , is the fact that , in the administration of the budget for the year 2000 , there was <unk> of resources in the order of 14 % .
It <unk> solely and exclusively before the right of the mother , not before the right of a multinational to make money .
That also sends out an important signal to the European Union &apos;s Member States to rethink their defence strategies .
It is also the only way to ensure that the European Union can fulfil its international commitments on limiting CO2 emissions .
.
All the material was handed over without <unk> even being able to find out the reasons for this action , which was a real act of censorship .
In cases such as these , the EU needs to bring its influence to bear , especially as regards the salary ceiling and civil service recruitment .
This is why Estonian companies must become more competitive .
Hence our vote against the report .
Each knows exactly what the other is doing .
The work of the OSCE is marking time , in spite of the enormous motivation of the working group and despite the fact that it is really looking into every opportunity in detail .
As regards the danger of a transfer of art work sales to countries which do not recognize this right , it does not appear to be very acute .
Others , especially the <unk> , are proclaiming loud and long that they are only running to promote their particular brand of footwear .
The Commission is unable to accept those amendments of the Parliament which would extend the scope of the proposed directive to include bans also on other substances i. e. <unk> and <unk> ( Amendments No 1 , second part of No 2 , Nos 3 , 6 , 7 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 and 15 ) .
There were problems of an accumulation of Community subsidies in the case of the LEADER I programme and a lack of controls over the programme by the Commission .
This is the real challenge .
In adopting a position on the taxation of <unk> industries , we have decided to strike a balance between these approaches .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , much has been said already , and I can keep my speech relatively brief .
It is reducing the costs on <unk> staff rather than increasing them .
We are therefore clearly talking about a consumer protection measure .
I hope that the European Union will soon reach the average of the Luxembourg and Austrian unemployment levels .
The terrorists take advantage of the eradication of physical borders and the remaining legal and police borders between the Member States , and it is therefore vital to progress in the creation of this space to prevent it from being abused through the courts .
Although this will entail higher costs for maritime transport , I still support the proposal .
The Transport Committee regards it as a small weakness that the duty-free agreement is not applicable to Switzerland in this case .
According to <unk> &apos;s Maritime Services , in December 1999 there were <unk> vessels over 24 metres flying flags of convenience .
These include promoting computer literacy amongst all sections of society and promoting access to the Internet , thus preventing unequal use of the Internet amongst the population .
Will meat become cheaper , given the planned 30 % price reduction ?
In the English version , the wording is correct .
In a <unk> style the universities even went as far as to remove their names from the internal telephone books , the doors and the university <unk> .
In view of the very short time available , I wish to address myself to the President of the Commission .
The European Union must support these efforts and urgently send as much aid as possible to the area .
If a serious and persistent violation of citizens &apos; rights were to be identified , according to the terms of these articles , then there would clearly be ways of <unk> with the Member States .
If it becomes clear that the overall EU target - doubling the share of renewables - cannot be achieved , then the Commission can make proposals for mandatory targets .
To make it a rule to introduce <unk> clauses , that is to say <unk> legislation when it comes to this type of special legislation infringing personal privacy , is , we believe , a reasonable route to go down .
On more than one occasion it was presented by the rapporteur , Mr Brok , to the Conference of Presidents .
In the view of the Council , Mr Bangemann , who has , since 1992 , been the Commission Member expressly responsible for telecommunications , was in breach of the regulations .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the report which I have the honour of presenting to the House today concerns the monetary fluctuations which occurred during 1992 and 1993 - and indeed 1995 - and which , as we know , had a significant impact on the functioning of the European exchange-rate mechanism and the internal market itself , leading first and foremost to changes in competitiveness in favour of those currencies which suffered <unk> .
<unk> must be fairly distributed for reasons of <unk> , ethics or simply a fundamental need for solidarity .
On the other hand , the Union &apos;s national data protection authorities now have their hands tied because , if passengers complain , they must apply the European directives in force and are obliged to impose penalties on the airlines .
The <unk> report will be a great help in the work in hand .
Such participation reveals the true nature of the Community institutions .
Mr President , I wish to congratulate Mrs <unk> on drawing up the first report by a new Member from a new Member State in a new committee .
Do not get me wrong , I too would prefer to see all transport modalities treated the same way , but I would urge you to take all aspects into consideration , including , for example , the way in which the infrastructure is financed .
- strategic reasons : Galileo improves the autonomy of our defence systems .
We should therefore do what is necessary to update the areas in which we can intervene , with renewed strength , to safeguard human rights .
I am sure that , as well as asking for special treatment , they will have requested some of the measures which Mr <unk> is asking for today in his report - and I congratulate him also - in which he stresses the need to differentiate between statistical convergence and real convergence , as well as the <unk> of using alternative indicators to per capita income , such as unemployment , the lack of infrastructures , the lack of transport and energy , double <unk> , the training of human resources and the levels of ozone in the outermost regions .
I am not a <unk> for this debate but I would nevertheless like to congratulate Mrs <unk> Gorsel at this stage on this important report .
But we need to do so in such a way that each individual clearly , openly and transparently assumes his or her responsibility before this House , on the record and before public opinion , not because we do not respect the differences of each individual but because we must reveal those differences .
This is not the case , on the other hand , in the first matter , that of 1994 , during the press conference at the national headquarters of the Socialist Party , during which the former Minister of Agriculture , Mr Cunha , who is now one of our colleagues , and Mr <unk> <unk> , also our colleague , were accused of corrupt practices and active corruption .
I would point out , moreover , that we can have recourse to bodies , such as the Parliamentary Bureau , and to people with responsibility for such matters , such as the Chairman of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , the President of the European Parliament and the Secretary-General , who , I am sure , will be able to investigate what happened and discover whether anything out of the ordinary took place .
<unk> were required in style as much as in substance &apos; .
I am afraid that the real aim of this project is to make us forget mass unemployment provoked by a European <unk> policy and the unbridled opening up of our borders .
It is still very difficult for a European citizen in one country to buy a car from another country and go back home with it .
Madam President , Commissioner , in accordance with the Rules of Procedure , I would ask you if you are prepared to accept Amendments Nos 7 , 10 and 11 - the amendments concerning the option of transfer with or without the corresponding land , and more flexible application of the <unk> if quotas are extended to the year 2006 ?
We have today expressed an opinion on the nomination of the Barroso Commission , which is presented to us as the ‘ new ’ Barroso Commission .
Mr President , Commissioner , many questions have been asked today and time does not permit me to repeat them , particularly those questions asked by my colleague , <unk> <unk> , and indeed colleague De Rossa in relation to the proportionality of the response .
It is therefore exclusively Mrs Doyle whom I shall thank for her splendid but , it has to be said , entirely <unk> efforts .
Progress is in fact being made .
We must make it very clear in this forum that United Nations resolutions are legally binding on all members of the United Nations .
We should also make clear that no one outside the candidate countries and the European Union has any influence over European Union enlargement .
.
These problems have not been dealt with , and the question to my Danish friend and former colleague , the Danish Minister for European Affairs , is : what do you intend to do about this badly neglected problem ?
This sum will provide almost EUR 10 million per year , which represents a 100 % increase , a doubling of current resources .
All five members of the Supervisory Committee have informed us that they are willing to be appointed for a second period of office .
Mr Solana , you yourself are a perfect illustration of this , as it were , structural complicity , passing smoothly from NATO to the CFSP as if they were one and the same .
It is important that we remember this , just as Mrs Berès said just now .
What happened to Erika cannot be put down to <unk> work , but , as far as I am concerned , to collective , criminal responsibility , and we in Parliament will have the opportunity in the course of the next few months , to demonstrate in the case of one matter in particular , whether we are taking this seriously .
In the 20 years ahead it is unreasonable to expect the energy problem in those countries to be solved by energy savings , nor can dramatic increases in renewable energies be expected .
Some people say we should have a European regulator to guarantee full European coherence on those issues .
We consider the amendments to be acceptable , including those that emphasise the priority that must be given to environmental issues , in particular the protection of ecosystems and food safety .
Much of this revenue can no longer be claimed , but around ECU 110 million is still <unk> , and we have called on the Commission to pursue the matter .
In conclusion , I would like to pay tribute to the rapporteurs , Mr Méndez de Vigo and Mr <unk> , for their excellent report .
Even if it is not likely to produce the kind of results we saw in Kyoto , in the sense of defining major objectives , it will have to be a milestone towards laying down the rules of play , rules of play on which the European Union will have a real say , rules of play which make it clear that climate protection is one of the most important tasks on the way to achieving sustainable development , which is to say that it is also one of the great challenges .
Trust also needs to be built at the level of civil society and not just between governments , which in itself is obviously important .
I hope that the balance achieved by Parliament can be preserved .
But I am concerned not with personalities but with the matter itself .
Madam Commissioner , the mechanism you have described has to do with the <unk> of the investment rather than with any relocation that may already have taken place .
Political organisations in exile , based in Europe , are stripped of their right of residence and are cut off from the movement of payments .
We welcome the Commission ’ s initiative to support information and communication throughout Europe by means of Plan D. We <unk> the fact that the European debate is not being stimulated and that , sad to say , <unk> , populism , nationalism and <unk> are being practised <unk> – I need only say ‘ energy policy ’ , ‘ Financial Perspective ’ and ‘ European foreign policy ’ .
The stage of transition it is in must not lead to deterioration .
One of the biggest reasons for that has been the control of <unk> .
I believe , however , that the whole debate that we will hold will actually be to find the right balance between change and a certain conformity , which has posed several problems in managing all the projects .
I have specifically included all the Council &apos;s new decisions .
We shall help them to be ready by that date .
Although it is now several years old , it would be a mistake to <unk> this report to our historical archives , since we are still working on the development of a number of the main themes it covers , and it is now our aim to put these into practice .
Mr President , it is my conviction as your rapporteur that this aspect really needs to be reinforced .
Various honourable Members have mentioned the mental stress factors which increasingly affect workers .
On the other hand , I feel that Mr Herman , perhaps because he is Belgian , is too <unk> , or rather that he wants to concentrate the departments in Brussels and seems to rather distrust the EU agencies .
We are always prepared to observe a minute ’ s silence for the victims of terrorist attacks such as those in Madrid and London , and even those of 11 September in New York and Washington , but , when it comes to taking measures and taking action which must help prevent such terrorist attacks in future , we fail to deliver , being primarily interested in safeguarding the rights of the terror suspects .
I am in agreement with nearly all that has been said on this matter .
Of course Milosevic bears a huge responsibility for the crimes committed in the former Yugoslavia and he must be brought to justice , but to link financial assistance with <unk> action within the interior of the country in receipt of the assistance , without the knowledge of its democratically elected president , <unk> and undermines the very nature of the European Union &apos;s aid programmes .
I take the view that we should apply the precautionary principle in this instance too and should therefore temporarily ban the use of those types of <unk> in European waters until such time as it has been proven that there is some other cause or – if the damage is indeed caused by these <unk> devices – until a final ban is imposed .
The Galileo plans add not much more than a competitive battle involving existing systems .
I think , however , that the example involving <unk> shows that the Commission &apos;s proposal was not perhaps as ambitious as we had wished and that we must make further progress .
A certain number of countries , including France , are ahead of the rest : it is essential that they do not have lower standards imposed on them now than those they have already established , which have succeeded in gaining consumer confidence .
We wish to express here our solidarity with all people suffering any kind of oppression or injustice , or who are <unk> or <unk> throughout the world .
I thank you .
It is a good thing that the Commission has engaged in dialogue as a means of finding a solution to this dilemma , for by doing so , it has given the European producers some breathing space – no more than that , and nor can it be more than that , for the WTO does not allow any more and is not expected to change its position . )
One of the most important new elements in the Constitution is the proposal that all EU laws be able to have common penalties attached to them .
The serious business is therefore now going to start as we are to vote on your programme .
Instead we are in danger of witnessing a trend toward a society of those who can afford the privilege of impartial information and those who cannot ; those who can afford to watch our national sporting <unk> and those who cannot .
So as not to appear to be the direct <unk> for employers , the report tries to include some social clauses .
This is why I think it is somewhat <unk> and a bad precedent to ban or attempt to ban gear of this kind in the areas in question .
Mr President , the European Central Bank is just a cog , albeit a highly symbolic cog , in the wheel of policy of all the Member States of the Union , a policy which promotes the profits of big business , while at the same time imposing what the report <unk> refers to as a moderate wage policy .
All this was achieved in a few short years .
However , in the future the price packages will basically be used to adjust agricultural policy measures during the medium-term horizon .
I will give my replies in a slightly different order from the speakers , but as Mr Harbour seems to be here still , I will say to him too that the Commission is presenting its extensive information society initiative to the European Council in Helsinki .
However , that committee does not share the views of the Commission on the need and the means to reduce those distortions of competition .
I will have the services look into that to ensure that we can go about our business as we ought to be able to in the House .
Subject : <unk> I shall mention two points in support of European action : the major economic and social significance of tourism , associated with the importance of the new information and communications technologies and with the innovation that it promotes , will make this one of the sectors that will contribute most to competitiveness and job creation , in line with the Lisbon Strategy .
Mr President , today we debate the Commission ’ s priorities for 2007 , but tomorrow our Heads of State and Government must find the means , the <unk> and the <unk> to make these priorities a reality .
What has happened to these colleagues of ours ?
The Council wishes to see this programme implemented speedily and in full so that the various errors in the underlying transactions relating to payments can be significantly reduced .
Firstly , every second post becoming vacant would be deleted from each institution ’ s establishment plan .
I am , however , convinced that we must take as a starting point the consideration that the quality of life and , in many respects , the quality of the environment in the world too are not <unk> , as some people would have us believe , and that we must therefore avoid any form of <unk> , and I am thinking here of the - subsequently <unk> - <unk> of disasters which characterised the <unk> of the 1970s , from Stockholm to the Rome <unk> .
<unk> companies exempt themselves from having operating permits , work permits are becoming optional for drivers who increasingly come from outside the Union , when their driving times verge on the limit and when they themselves verge on sleep .
<unk> duty is not fiscal in nature , simply a policy to provide revenue for the state , but clearly it is an instrument which will lead to healthier <unk> , aided by a market economy .
For all these reasons the European Union must make greater efforts to seek dialogue with the Slovak Government in order to prevent Slovakia from pursuing a policy that tends to move away from Europe again instead of towards Europe .
In English it is &quot; democratic accountability &apos; , which I myself am <unk> in order to bring your attention to a notion which , it seems to me , is <unk> between control and responsibility .
I regard the work carried out by the Commission , especially Mr Michel , as being of paramount importance .
<unk> a law - you have the authority to do it - suppressing a large proportion of pensions in Belarus .
Those who are calling for an <unk> have clearly not thought about the consequences , especially given the current state of world affairs .
Because Chernobyl is not the only place with problems .
The vote will take place on Wednesday at 12 noon .
For example , the auditor has not detected any <unk> in Parliament &apos; s budget .
We do not receive the documents in proof that we ask for .
Subject : State of <unk> in Greece According to the data available , the Greek <unk> infrastructure is extremely inadequate .
Nevertheless , one should also take into account the fact that this year still has some months to run , so if there is full involvement – which I believe there is on the Greek side – we can try to avoid losing the funds within this year &apos;s allocation for Greece .
We must work towards creating closer ties between the EU and the Central and Eastern European States in the Baltic Sea <unk> .
144 of the world ’ s top companies are from the European Union , while in the case of the United States , that figure stands at <unk> .
That is why some people had some problems explaining themselves 10 years ago .
In the meantime , one of the main tasks before the House is to stimulate a wide-ranging debate on ratification of the Constitutional Treaty .
I think my group is entitled to this .
We believe that disease and ill-health are dominant problems in these countries and that they are both causes and consequences of <unk> .
The situation is the same in a number of other Member States .
Mr President , the European Commission wants to implement a European strategy on defence-related industries .
And finally , I would just also like to express my satisfaction with the productive collaboration I have enjoyed with my colleague <unk> Flynn .
To this end , in June this year the European Community signed a protocol on persistent organ <unk> under the 1979 ECE Convention for <unk> <unk> air pollution .
In our experience the Member States are the only ones that take the decisions , and they are often very hypocritical about it .
We want the war in Kosovo to end immediately , and we want the bombing to stop .
63 % of the country ’ s budget , excluding debt <unk> , is directed towards social protection , education and health , directly and by means of decentralisation .
As far as the problem of job losses is concerned - because it is true that there has been a huge number of job losses during the last two years - I would just like to remind you that there is another Commission initiative concerning social <unk> .
As regards this important political issue , I should like to express my criticism of the ‘ delegation to private firms of missions of the European public service ’ as stated in the report .
Only then can these products move out of the <unk> market they already have and into the <unk> .
<unk> the bargain I could gain points for defending Swedish economic interests .
but I do not sit here as a representative of Swedish industry , but as a representative of green political ideas .
The vote will be held tomorrow , Tuesday , at 12 noon .
<unk> in the past about baby food contaminated with <unk> particularly disturbed consumers .
We wish the report much success .
I think and fear that this is the case with the study we are looking at today .
In our view , the report gives an accurate account of the nature of the Bank &apos;s mandate and activities by identifying three features <unk> to it alone .
In this way , the Council , which is represented in the troika , is given the opportunity regularly to address these issues and vigorously to emphasise that there must be no violation or abuse of human rights , including in connection with combating terrorism .
How can we measure progress in regional integration ?
Unfortunately , all the indications available to us show a desire to turn the future negotiations of the WTO into a further stage in the imposition of rules of liberalisation on a global scale .
Thirdly , there is a <unk> &apos; .
The media , as an example ...
In this way we shall answer the rapporteur ’ s call , but we would also ask him to reflect further on the purpose that would be served if the present report were adopted in its entirety .
One out of every four people will suffer from a mental health problem during their life .
Thank you very much , Mr Sakellariou .
What we can now do regarding the issue we confront today is at least to postpone Bulgaria ’ s and Romania ’ s accession to January 2008 .
Investment in the railways and in high-speed trains has been planned and yet the <unk> factory announced its definitive closure for the end of May , <unk> a lack of orders for rolling stock .
<unk> to <unk> are now available too , and these , moreover , are not carcinogenic .
We are talking about a binding agreement with the ACP , and I trust that the Council will reflect that in the decisions it takes on the tenth EDF .
For that reason , we take pride in the fact that the European Union is conducting conciliatory dialogues on the ground , and we see this as an opportunity .
We therefore recommend the House not to adopt this amendment , since it conflicts with our obligations under the WTO Agreement .
In addition , <unk> the result of the calculation , as the House is proposing , seems to me to be counterproductive because while it may be a simplified formula , for the purposes of informing the consumer , it is important that the statement of the actual annual rate should be as accurate as possible .
These are not going to be weak or unclear .
One final thought for the Commissioner and the rapporteur : public transport could and should be a major beneficiary from fair and efficient pricing in transport .
As a Member of Parliament representing Ireland I am deeply disappointed with the wording of the resolution which has just been adopted by this House on the 2000 Nice European Council .
We want an end to such fraud .
The Commission acknowledges these <unk> and there can be no doubt that they will have major repercussions on the implementation of appropriations in 2001 .
Mr President , this report should be welcomed for its <unk> approach .
I would like here to point out some of the main arguments .
The assertive action of the Belgian government in the Pinochet case , but also in Central Africa , <unk> high expectations among those arguing for a more pro-active human rights policy in the European Union .
If the progress of the Europe of the future is measured only in terms of deregulation , it is clear that the meeting was possibly not a success .
Finally , I would once again express my thanks to Parliament for its sterling work , evidence of which we have already seen in this proposal .
Mr President , I would like to start by thanking Mr von <unk> for his work and also the Members who spoke after him .
If we want to provide humanitarian aid , we must send it through reliable NGOs and hope that our intentions are carried out .
I would , however , like to conclude on two encouraging points .
This is a very high figure , which clearly shows that air transport has become a system regularly used by a large proportion of the European population .
At the same time as these infrastructures are being put in place , industry should see itself as being placed under an obligation to offer , from a specified date , all new vehicles equipped with <unk> technology .
The final decision on the group of participants will then be taken in the afternoon of the same day at the meeting of the Heads of State and of Government of the European Union .
A second example is public finances .
There is no need to re-open the agreement of last year , and there is nothing to be gained by it in terms of additional information .
Europe &apos;s farmers , food manufacturers and <unk> should be adapting to meet that demand .
What I said about the principle of <unk> is right .
So we have to sort this debate out now , abandon <unk> and realize that a solid EMU requires a solid fiscal basis .
I would like to point out briefly that , following its independence in 1991 , bilateral relations with Belarus began to move forward satisfactorily towards the adoption of an association and cooperation agreement and a provisional commercial agreement .
I have heard the analysis which Mr Lamy has given , as it were , from inside the institution .
We have stressed the specific character of Mediterranean fishing a number of times : it is essentially coastal and small scale , a type of fishing that is part of culture and which , in addition to passing down a <unk> tradition from generation to generation , constitutes a vital source for the economy , particularly in an area – let us not forget – of extensive socioeconomic degradation .
You suggested that we should remain silent once again , because this time it is the single currency which is at stake !
Since then , the situation has not changed and increases in the volume of traffic make it even more critical , almost <unk> , due to the continual delays that are building up and also affecting the <unk> French section of the line .
Indeed , we are currently undergoing a revolution which is <unk> <unk> our traditional attitudes .
This is both a <unk> and an institutional undertaking , which does not stop with the establishment of institutions , or the appointment of <unk> policy &apos; representatives .
Mr President , I will start by quoting an article by <unk> <unk> published in on 3 September 2006 .
Concerning the assessment of the impact of the networks , an internal assessment of the former information <unk> in 2003 revealed the real value of the <unk> as partners in the communication policy , especially at the local and regional level .
The Financial Perspective has been agreed , but we can see that , even on these kinds of issue , the veto principle leads only to a victory for the lowest common denominator .
The parties must move forward .
Too many declarations by Commissioner Fischler , too few decisions consistent with those declarations .
A modest adjustment will be made to the existing provisions in relation to the veterinary controls to take this particular system into account .
We need to have European cooperation to combat illegal material such as child pornography .
And of course secondly there is the person to person part .
The vote will be taken at 5.30 p. m . The first thing we can do to help is to look at the situation in our own countries .
We here in Parliament must also check to see that our budget still meets the criteria of honesty and clarity .
The level of 62 % of the population has been replaced , according to some , by 71 % and , according to others , by <unk> % in order to achieve a qualified majority .
Is it the understanding of the Commissioner that the UK and the Netherlands will now ratify the <unk> and Association Agreement ?
The Commission is committed to continuing with the SLIM / <unk> initiative and the <unk> actions for businesses , in accordance with the Council &apos;s position on the need for information in the framework of economic and monetary union .
Then look at what we apply all this expertise to : a game that I have sometimes described as push penny , which was a game played on a window <unk> or a table using two <unk> , a <unk> and two sets of goals and you push the penny around .
We hope that this will happen shortly , perhaps even during the Portuguese Presidency .
The aim is to switch off <unk> signals by the beginning of 2012 at the latest , and to ensure that the spectrum released by this <unk> is used in such a way that society will derive the maximum possible benefits .
In addition , as this reform is to enter into force on 1 January 2006 , it should be completed one year earlier if possible .
Thirdly , and finally , on a broader level we must not lose sight of the objectives of this reform , which led us to encourage reform in general and the reform of the staff regulations in particular .
The threat to humans is not new either .
We were in a mess !
The ongoing maintenance of the closed plants will require the employment of an expert team for several decades or maybe a century .
If we want politics to be comprehensible to the citizens of Europe , we must change the bureaucratic rhetoric in our resolutions and word them in a language that is comprehensible to the people .
I also have to say in relation to this that I cannot commend the Council for the way in which it simply changed the legal basis , and , when <unk> the new text to Parliament , did not even think it necessary to explain why this change had been made and on what arguments it was actually founded .
If that oral amendment is tabled , it will take the place of Amendment No 5 .
Are n &apos;t the results of the elections in Austria and Finland a sufficiently clear message ?
<unk> driving from <unk> to Barcelona must be protected on a legal basis .
The various proposed amendments to her wording do in fact improve on her suggestions and put the <unk> on a very positive contribution to the original text .
What is more , a great deal of money has been spent on modernising it , and the International Atomic Energy Agency has confirmed that it meets the standards for similar nuclear plants of the same age .
The content of the Court of Auditors &apos; annual report is therefore all the more worrying as it has found considerable shortcomings in all phases of preparation , implementation and assessment of the actions by the Commission .
<unk> , which is found in <unk> batteries , is a highly toxic heavy <unk> that <unk> in the <unk> and <unk> and may cause lung cancer .
It is significant that we have taken an important step this year as far as the timing is concerned .
Allow me , as a member of parliament from a region which directly borders a candidate country , to draw your attention to the specific situation which prevails there .
That is the important point .
Apart from those killed , <unk> million have been displaced .
There are those who let it be clearly known that they do not want anything to do with Turkey and who have even been <unk> making <unk> preparations .
On the contrary , in our view it is one of the successful elements of the reform proposed for the agricultural sector , and it is clearly in line with the Commission &apos;s thinking in proposing to redirect the CAP away from price guarantees and towards income support .
My own country , Poland , and other Central European countries provide <unk> proof of this .
I remind you of the fact that when we talk about reinforcing our external border security and guaranteeing our internal security , we do it , not in a repressive way , but in the name of freedom .
The most important thing now is to ensure that an annual increase does not become the new trend .
I wonder if we should not consider something like this in the European Union , especially given that Member States do not always report their figures , data and reductions to the Commission on time , so that the Commission &apos;s reports to the Parliament are delayed and it is not clear why this is happening .
<unk> few women , however , are active in scientific disciplines despite the excellent results they achieve in their studies .
We hope that this House , the Commission , and the Council will follow suit !
To sum up , Europe would be constructed in such a way as to support the unity of the white developed world against everything that is different , everything that <unk> it and everything that it sees as a threat .
It is particularly important to take greater account of the greenhouse gases other than CO2 , such as methane and <unk> <unk> .
This view is also widely shared within the Council .
Since its creation , <unk> has been the dominant political force in the <unk> of the country and controls the majority of the councils in the cities in this region ; but also , since its <unk> , <unk> has had the threat of being closed down hanging over its head .
But today , when the situation is worsening dramatically day by day , when the Oslo <unk> are cast aside and forgotten , when the radical elements of the <unk> responds to the radical elements of a part of the occupied , how can we interpret the silence of the European Union Member States ?
This is ad hoc cooperation , however , not cooperation reflected in an interinstitutional agreement , and we consider this a shortcoming in our procedure .
It is intended that concrete measures be in place very shortly after that .
However , the reality is far from this .
Mr President , Commissioner , every time anyone calls for liberalisation and talks about the need to pursue such liberalisation , their opponents raise the issue of <unk> .
This also concerns our cooperation with our American colleagues in Congress .
Those few have now become the vast majority .
That was the message everyone received from Geneva <unk> two weeks ago .
We must always guard against drawing hasty conclusions from the statistics relating to these reports .
I believe that it will damage the reputation of this Parliament if we continue with such uneven timetabling .
To sum up , we accept social reforms but are against <unk> dumping &apos; .
I also believe it is important for drinking water to be free of <unk> substances , as mentioned by Ken Collins .
The <unk> initiative , which I launched in May of last year , relates to the infrastructure of the education system , because any future action in that field depends on a sound educational infrastructure .
We therefore have a responsibility to fight this scourge and to create the necessary legislative instruments .
I simply wish to emphasise some points : the importance of the balance between quality and quantity in education , with a decisive commitment to eradicating illiteracy ; the importance of involving local actors in the programmes we support , strengthening the practice of decentralised cooperation ; a commitment to achieving gender balance - the education and vocational training of girls and women not only have a direct impact on the economy , but also in the medium term , on changing minds and even on <unk> societies ; the commitment to protecting education , even in times of conflict and following conflicts and the priority to normalise and improve education and training .
That is a shame .
Furthermore , these manufacturers are often small and medium-sized enterprises .
Matters must proceed properly .
We are talking about half the medicines we provide to help them through their young lives not being properly <unk> , tested or authorised .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this debate on racism and xenophobia is <unk> an absolutely necessary one .
Where is the application and the resolve to achieve some real results ?
However , it is difficult to believe that a Russia thinking in terms of the old geopolitical categories will prove a <unk> ally .
I also consider it essential not to underestimate the potential represented by large undertakings in the field of research and innovation .
I am sure the Commission will read the speeches of those who speak after he replies and if there are points he wants to respond to I am sure he will do so in writing .
But you must tell me how sixteen eyes looking out from different corners , some of them short and some them <unk> , can always take the right decision !
Mr President , Parliament adopted a number of amendments at first reading , some of which the Commission has incorporated in its amended proposal .
Those are two pieces of information which I wanted to give , but I should like to end with a general political reflection .
There is an excellent agreement , and it is , therefore , necessary that both are welcomed by Parliament with all the amendments tabled which are , in my view , excellent , although I have some reservations as regards the European <unk> , since the <unk> proposal for this body gives us some cause for concern .
We have the directive on temporary protection .
It became clear that this issue presented a considerable threat to the entire outcome of the IGC if it was not handled very carefully and resolved to the satisfaction of all the Member States .
But the European Union is also assuming responsibility for the weaker regions in the old Federal Länder .
I have been informed that the rapporteur has been delayed for several minutes .
For some businesses EU funding has proved to be an important tool in <unk> competitiveness .
At the same time , and with a view to improving the monitoring of the budget &apos; s implementation , we expect the Commission to produce a definition of clear objectives for implementation and a timetable for this , and we will see how the timetable is being respected in the course of the year by means of sources of information that are now being made available .
This proposal from the Council is meaningless , and the Commission knows that , but it cannot say that in so many words .
Then the next topic discussed was press freedom in Slovakia .
They are both vital elements of tomorrow &apos;s civil society .
It does not seem to be an approach which puts emphasis on sanctions .
Mr President , two things .
Europe must show that the war on terror and respect for our rights can go hand in hand , without the effectiveness of that war being sacrificed or weakened .
In future , I shall ensure that the Commission remains in attendance during explanations of votes .
I listened to Mr <unk> &apos; s speech .
We are unable to make our boats safer .
You are right to put the emphasis on research , innovation and Europeans ’ competitiveness .
I will end as I began , by saying that Bangladesh is a country with a future .
The UN is the accepted <unk> of international law , with unique structures and processes to uphold it .
The start date for negotiations must still be left open , with no deadline .
Mr President , Mr Prodi , <unk> <unk> endorses the formal commitments which you are to make concerning institutional reform in the Union - which the Amsterdam Treaty unfortunately deals with in insufficient detail - and the launch of political union .
As Mrs Theorin says in her question , the issue of unequal pay between men and women in the European Union is still a major problem , despite long-standing national and Community legislation and case law .
It follows that we in the European Union must also , at long last , put solidarity into practice in social services .
I am very pleased to note the continued wide support in Parliament for this legislative initiative which builds on three existing directives dating from the late 1980s .
In other words , there will have to be a process of ratification by all Member States .
There are five clear priorities in this respect , namely postal services , transport , electricity , gas and water .
Secondly , the principle of <unk> aids from farmers &apos; productive options has some potential , but it cannot lead to the abandonment of the requirement for a farmer to have some effective production .
Because of all these doubts surrounding the future of this draft action and the Centre itself , I seriously considered rejecting this proposal .
But maybe next time , we ought to discuss <unk> , the merger which has now taken place between our <unk> <unk> and British Steel .
We want to help all those who fear unemployment and instability .
I have had another dream , Mr President : I dreamt I was watching a play in which the enlarged Europe was taking part .
Madam President , the 1999 general budget for the European Union is the last budget which will be adopted by this Parliament .
We therefore request that the legislative procedures envisaged by the Treaty of Amsterdam be applied properly .
This is proven , in particular , by fair trade and by consumer movements in favour of labelling that is environmentally friendly or promotes better social conditions for production .
The European Parliament has on various occasions adopted opinions on this subject – on the political appropriateness of this wall , on its legality , on the new scenario it has created in terms of potential future arrangements on the part of the Israelis , on the hardship that it involves for many Palestinians , and on the illusion of security that the wall creates for Israel .
It is true that coordination is still going through a learning phase .
Moreover , <unk> conscience because it is that same Europe , those same forces , which did not want to reach the only possible conclusion which the citizens ask us for and which is a common policy on immigration and asylum ; now , not in five years time .
Our preference would be for the banking sector to formulate a code of conduct itself .
<unk> , longer flight routes resulting in extra congestion , and the increasing number of accidents and incidents are a burden on the European economy , on the airlines and not least on us consumers .
What I can tell Mr Posselt is that the question of border security concerns us <unk> and that this is actually one of the priority areas on which our presidency is to take action , certainly in view of the fact that enlargement of the European Union will mean a corresponding extension of these borders .
Furthermore , I am afraid that there is a danger that the same kind of watered-down decision will come out of the Luxembourg Employment Summit as from this part-time work contract .
The invitation which invites us to <unk> the inauguration of the new President of the European Parliament comes in the name of Mr <unk> <unk> , chairman of the artistic committee of the European Parliament .
For myself , I want a complete list of ingredients and a mention of any <unk> process like irradiation , <unk> , <unk> etc .
to which the ingredients were exposed .
Mr President , I wish to begin by welcoming our new colleagues from the new Member States .
The countries which have not ratified the Kyoto Protocol are trying to gain an unfair competitive edge .
The Committee on the Environment <unk> the rules in this area on a number of points , not least with regard to labelling , the view on hygiene and health practices which cannot be <unk> by irradiation , and methods of analysis .
Are they really willing to take responsibility for the general good and maintaining a certain level of honesty in business ?
If it took her that long because she had no power of treaty to support her , what happens to the unknown and obscure <unk> who is placed in the position which the questioner has raised tonight ?
And now , for the second time , Cuba &apos;s incorporation into the Cotonou Agreement is being rejected , at a time when international attention , Mr President , has been focused on the Iraq crisis and taking advantage of that situation there has been a wave of repression , unprecedented in recent years , which has resulted in three death penalties and a wave of arrests which have affected independent journalists , human rights campaigners and peaceful dissidents , many of them from the Christian <unk> Movement .
I must say that I am not so optimistic in practice .
As a community of values , one that <unk> the maintenance of democracy and human rights as its supreme principle , the EU must take a hard line with the junta in <unk> .
It has to be considered in the context of an approaching single market in electricity and then gas .
A European strategy must be implemented urgently to reap the existing benefits of an economic area integrated at Union level .
This way of looking at things must , I believe , take account of the differences between the candidates , and also , of course , of the need to establish a system that will subsequently meet , for example , with the approval of this House &apos;s Committee on Budgetary Control .
It has created uncertainty among consumers throughout Europe and has cost the European taxpayer billions of ECU .
In fact , in the course of one paragraph - paragraph 32 - the scope of which will certainly have escaped the majority of Members , the door has been opened to calling into question the current status of public services in the context of international trade negotiations , especially WTO negotiations , without the agreement of a Member State .
The extent to which the banks will participate is an open question here .
What certainly is the case though is that , in order for the citizens to have faith in science , knowledge of scientific progress must be disseminated in a comprehensible manner and the public ’ s awareness must be improved , so that there is greater understanding of the real challenges and implications for our lives .
<unk> must be introduced , targets met and the work of Member States &apos; governments strictly monitored and evaluated .
The people in my country , as from April onwards , will be seeing people crossing over continuously , day after day .
The survival of the planet is at stake .
With this Green Paper , the Commission wishes to make a contribution to the current debate , a debate begun with the Tampere mandate concerning the most appropriate approach to the admission of economic migrants and concerning the added value represented by the adoption of such a common framework .
They are forced to clean up their act .
Soon , in Belgium , the so-called heart of the European Union , an entire party is at risk of <unk> , one that comprises some fifty MPs and which , according to the latest surveys , is backed by 20 % of the electorate .
I fully understand that there is a political duty and a duty on the institutions to intervene as matters now stand , and for that reason , while confirming my own position on the conflict , I now support any initiative designed to seek a positive solution from a political , moral and legal standpoint , focusing particularly on the role that the UN , the EU , NATO and Russia can and must fulfil .
I therefore voted in favour of the report before us .
The most important advance for the future is , of course , the Transport Ministers &apos; recognition of the new definition of slots as usage rights .
We cannot accept such things in a European Union .
In general , I am not surprised at the expressions of impatience and vigilance , and at the calls for further action directed at the Commission .
It will reach its conclusions within a maximum of 60 days .
It places a high premium on <unk> in foreign policy in general and in nuclear policy in particular .
That gives you a brief overview of the most important results of the Conciliation Committee .
However complicated the issues may be , the parties must grab the historic chance which they now have .
The main points of the action plan will be as follows .
We can only hope that the <unk> of our debates will reach the Commission nevertheless .
Fortunately , the Italian Government and the President of the Republic intervened , and today the Italian Ambassador to Germany will also speak on the subject , to call on the German Chancellor not to interfere in Italian internal affairs , in so far as there are no <unk> candidates for government office .
The <unk> of forests resulting in changed land uses , the <unk> of major infringements are , for Greece at least , the basic cause of the outbreaks of fire which are due in large part to <unk> .
At the same time , US programme sales to Europe - programmes which , as we know , are <unk> their <unk> reward , having already cleared their primary and secondary rewards in the US market directly and by satellite and cable - grew massively .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party has requested that the Commission statement on British beef be brought forward to Thursday .
Clearly , however , respect for human rights is an essential condition of these agreements .
In my view , and I say this quite clearly , the question is <unk> motivated rather than <unk> .
This creates a serious obstacle at a time when the <unk> of a comprehensive action plan is being considered , as the Council of Ministers has made clear .
The Oslo accords are also being violated by the Palestinians , thus they are not respecting them either .
Cooperation is necessary , but this cooperation can also take a less far-reaching form than the Commission is proposing .
Amendment No 21 can be accepted .
I do not think it is acceptable if we are unable to exercise the very minimum of courtesy and listen to those who address us .
It is not acceptable for the Council to increase the number of <unk> for the <unk> limit value from the original eight up to 18 , and Amendment No 9 seeks to restore this .
It is not acceptable that Directorate-General III should be responsible for processed food , drugs and <unk> organisms and that Directorate-General <unk> should also have a portion of responsibility for these while Directorates-General VI and XI should retain a small portion of responsibility for feedingstuffs .
.
The proposals tabled by the Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs unnecessarily restrict this discretion .
Prime Minister Primakov has <unk> to address the problem of fraud .
That is what we call frontloading .
I of course welcome the fact that the European Council has taken this decision to move forward .
If they are , this report will turn out to be a great success .
I am concerned that the modest progress we have achieved may be brought to <unk> .
If , then , we in the EU are not to export our problems , we should say ‘ yes ’ to restructuring , but ask ourselves how it should work .
<unk> should be strengthened on this score and the organisational traditions of the various Member States should be respected .
We are all aware and <unk> of the high quality and lofty ambitions of those responses .
The report from Mrs Veil &apos;s High Level Panel supports this theory of the direct effect , and demands that every EU citizen should be able to <unk> it in establishing the application of the principle of non-discrimination .
In fact , if we make the documents available in a format not linked to the use of specific computer programs involving payment , we reduce the discrimination relating to the wealth of the users .
<unk> old European Council of Ministers !
Although the first figures I mentioned are certainly right , it must be said that the others are based on pure <unk> and , I am sorry to say , will do nothing to provide a new impetus to beef and veal consumption .
This then only happens for the benefit of the competitive battle between companies that work at prices which are too low or that are aiming for profits which are too high .
The governments did something very courageous when they gave the go-ahead for the preparation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in Cologne , and now they should not have any regrets .
There seemed to be a genuine sense of purpose and , in any event , the will to achieve real reform at Nice .
Where the democratic deficit is concerned , I think it crucial to strengthen the democratic principle whereby all EU legislation , especially when it affects the rights and freedoms of the individual , must be adopted in association with the representatives of the people .
The aim in this respect is to check that the road map adopted by the Nice European Council and confirmed by the Göteborg European Council as a general framework for negotiation is being respected .
<unk> the principle of majority voting as a general rule in the Community , as the basis for the political functioning of the Union ( which is very important for the Parliament insofar as we can make <unk> ) , being granted legal personality , which includes , in the Conference , decisions which the Council has taken , such as , for example , drawing up a Charter of Fundamental Rights ...
This year , there were several visits to Portugal by Chinese Ministers and by Portuguese Ministers to China .
Today , I should like to draw the attention of the House to the conclusions concerning three areas , namely the Statement of <unk> , budgetary management , and the process of reforming the Commission .
I believe that green papers represent a good means of drawing the attention of an informed public to the complexity of a particular issue and gradually reaching adequate solutions .
The European Parliament should also gain greater influence on military action through the budget and proper accountability through the Council .
I feel that we have a lot to learn from the lesson that , while Europe is silent , a great religious force such as the <unk> Church succeeds in expressing more effectively and interpreting the requirements of the civil society of this great continent , expressing all the criticism of the <unk> of this summit and of the inability to manage the great processes of world modernisation .
We have been waiting for many years .
There was the free part of Europe and the part of Europe that was paralysed by the disastrous historical decree , the <unk> Agreement , which sought to divide Europe into two forever .
My first question to the Commission is therefore : What compelling reasons does the Commission have for replacing an effective system which everyone is pleased with in this sector and which does not distort competition ?
Thirdly , we must have a new fisheries policy .
It is misleading to think that we could transpose into developing countries a State model similar to the one that we constructed in developed democracies .
They were sent to war on the basis of the lies and <unk> of Prime Minister Tony Blair .
These are not the only issues on the agenda of the <unk> meeting .
A great deal has been said today , either directly or indirectly , about the stance adopted towards Austria .
In my opinion , these are better tackled in a wider context .
Of course I will say something about this .
We have much to lose by adopting such a <unk> approach in our relations with Russia .
<unk> has taken my card , meaning that I cannot vote .
The EU is maintaining close contact with James Baker and is looking into how best to support the UN &apos; s initiatives .
That is a classic example of a policy <unk> against small businesses , because only really big firms will be able to <unk> these obstacles .
Has the Council considered the possibility of introducing measures to support the tourist industry ?
Therefore it is vitally important that they support each other .
The Commission lacks the requisite expertise for health monitoring which is proposed in the report .
Mrs <unk> , this is not the time to embark on the debate .
The people of Afghanistan have already demonstrated how strongly they oppose the proposal of EUR 2 000 that they have been offered to return home voluntarily and how insulting this proposal is to them .
Aglietta report ( <unk> / 99 ) For the latter , the border is part of their daily lives .
In study after study the Swedish people maintain that they are prepared to pay more tax to improve the quality of and access to health care services , care for the elderly and public education of all kinds .
A Europe that is uniting must also be open to the citizens of these towns and to the inhabitants of the Central and Eastern European countries .
<unk> could be tolerated in the interests of safety .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the legislation we are debating affects all European drivers and thus a large number of people , which ensures it will get attention , but this also justifies the need to give it careful consideration , which is our intention here .
On the other hand , we have little or no time for channelling money to military causes , to inappropriate economic growth and to <unk> for <unk> businesses .
But anyone who is now asked for funding and support for the expenditure necessary to manage the crisis has not only a right but also a duty to call for the much-needed reforms .
This is the first time that you have presented your annual report to this House as President of the Central Bank .
Finally , Mr President , to sum up , I hope that tomorrow , on voting for the resolution , Parliament will send a clear message .
Rule one : compulsory <unk> must not increase faster than the growth of GDP .
After all , pressing for a Community-wide sports policy runs counter to the subsidiarity principle .
But the fundamental problem is that , at the end of the Uruguay Round , the US Administration promised Congress that it would take sanctions immediately at the end of the period for implementation of the WTO panel ruling in application of the domestic Section 301 procedure .
As for the European Council of 12 and 13 December , we basically agree with the great objective of enlargement , but there are still two major problems outstanding .
Secondly , you opted instead to consult the Spanish <unk> or Spain &apos;s EU representation about your doubts concerning the application &apos;s legality .
We also want to demand once again – as has been said here repeatedly – that workers ’ rights to information , consultation and participation be strengthened , both at national and at European and multinational level .
However , in order to obtain a better balance on the list between the various categories and also between States , UNESCO has drawn up a world strategy and an action plan for the implementation of that strategy .
If there were a certain degree of <unk> , if what is being said here today were really to shape budgetary decisions , then the Commission would submit these funding proposals .
Would you agree with me , Mr President , that the report should now be published without delay ?
The promotion of a culture of dialogue and <unk> for the future of mankind is a compelling task of the international community .
We would like to congratulate Mrs Hautala on her <unk> examination of the problem .
In both cases the government , farming organisations and farmers are committed to eliminating any possible threat to the environment and in particular the quality of groundwater .
On the rescue , search and recovery phase : the situation is that the Commission does not have instruments that are geared to this type of intervention .
I would also like to mention the forthcoming talks on climate , which are to start in Bonn in two weeks &apos; time .
Europe &apos;s citizens do not know or greatly care about the <unk> details of our work here but they do now understand the signals about the sort of Europe we are developing .
I am not here to take sides in a political contest between candidates and parties in Ukraine , but I do take a stand against manipulation of elections .
The Union must set an example and the Council must use all the instruments at its disposal to complete the negotiations , get the treaty signed , ratified and brought into force .
That is why I give my enthusiastic support to Mrs <unk> &apos;s motion to amend the regulation , in the light of recent scientific evidence .
The objective of the proposal for a directive is to stimulate research into improvements in health and food for human consumption and to reduce the perverse or <unk> effects which could threaten human beings , either collectively or individually , as well as both the animal and vegetable <unk> .
At first people <unk> this project as merely a vision , but thanks to <unk> action it has become a reality .
The constant rise in consumer spending is <unk> the Dutch Government to make concerned and <unk> comments , but it is doing the wrong things in policy terms : tax reductions instead of debt reduction .
However , Monday &apos;s fears show that terrorism is affecting our lives and that we cannot simply continue with &apos;business as usual &apos; .
Are we going to replace animal meal with genetically modified soya , imported from the United States ?
These crimes must not make us forget the day-to-day <unk> , the symbolic violence and the silent suffering .
The principle challenge we have to take up daily if we want to build a more humane Europe is the struggle against suffering : the suffering of men , but also of animals .
It is incomprehensible that the report only refers to the Charter , a political statement , whilst the European Convention on Human Rights , the perfect convention for the protection of our citizens &apos; rights , is not mentioned in it .
However , there is evidence of <unk> of this sector by organised crime and organised <unk> gangs and , as a <unk> myself , I am worried about the dangers of this .
For this reason , on the basis of Mr <unk> &apos;s excellent report and amendments , the European Parliament has merely sought to strengthen the Commission &apos;s proposal in a few respects : in particular concerning centralised data collection , training and information for health workers and patients &apos; families , the funding of the programme , as well as the involvement of patients &apos; families , their associations and , more generally , NGOs in various countries which are funding research into different rare diseases , and all bodies likely to follow through this action programme .
This fully justifies an appropriate budget for the next six years .
Mr President , Members of Parliament , I must say that I am rather <unk> by this debate .
I believe it is very important that we should be open and frank with governments where human rights abuses exist , but we should also offer words of encouragement where positive progress is made .
I will simply repeat what my father said on this subject in 1990 : ‘ You are the elected representatives of our countries .
On my own behalf and on behalf of this House , I have already conveyed our deepest sympathy and sincere condolences to his family .
And in terms of documentation , there are families that have been entirely abandoned ; they have no documents and they therefore do not have certain rights as citizens .
We are waiting for precise , proven , discussed and written results .
We do not want a Europe that defines itself as the <unk> of the Christian West , but one based on <unk> , where there is a place for everyone - Christian , Muslim , <unk> or <unk> .
In Finland , we have done a great deal in this area .
Mr <unk> ’ s report aims to soften some of the pernicious effects of the reform of the EU ’ s sugar regime , by proposing : Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we should surely endorse the Commission &apos;s basic statements on the development of the Northern Dimension and the shape it should take in the future , including such things as the diverse subjects to be covered by future cooperation , ranging from the resolution of environmental problems to telecommunications , taking in research and technological development .
<unk> <unk> / 2001 by Belder , on behalf of the EDD Group , This is something we are giving quite a lot of attention in order to have this run smoothly .
Too often , in all these areas of advance , the Commission and the Member States use fine words and then <unk> and <unk> <unk> while Europe falls yet further behind .
.
Such is the case in Ireland , Poland and Portugal .
It is clear that these requirements have a price .
All these measures , harmonized throughout all Member States , will allow blood products to <unk> freely throughout the whole European Union .
We did not sit <unk> on the <unk> , <unk> under our breath , but took a pro-active approach in tabling amendments .
These factors , urgency of action , pressure from the public and the withdrawal of the United States make the Bonn Conference critical .
Europe should look at America to see how things are not done .
This means that Greek fishermen are not being treated equally and are at a disadvantage compared with the other countries under the common fisheries policy .
We explained this request , emphasising that under Articles 2 , 3 and <unk> of the Treaty of Amsterdam the right to equality between men and women is a fundamental right of a democratic society , which requires equality to be achieved by a series of real steps towards positive action .
The vote will take place at 11 a. m . I personally think that 2007 is much too late .
The new Commission reminds me therefore of the Greek proverb , &apos; <unk> changed and <unk> his <unk> the other way round &apos; .
This we regard as a genuine step forward , and the same is true of the fact that the Commission is promising to do its best to keep the European Parliament informed on the intergovernmental conference .
D for democracy and dialogue .
The call for land reform is addressed to the Council .
Policies originating in Brussels were simply not communicated successfully to the general public or to individuals , so I can only congratulate you on what was very much the right decision , and one that we endorse .
It must be acknowledged that the import of tissues and cells from third countries is on the increase .
Many of us have memories of our late colleague .
I am bound to say that this would lead to a substantial delay in future <unk> .
Since the entry into force of the Treaty on European Union the codecision procedure has proved its worth : it has enabled Parliament and the Council to adopt jointly legislative acts in the interest of European citizens covering a very wide range of subjects .
Can this be a conclusion of the answer that I received ?
On all these points , we have enjoyed extremely productive cooperation with the members of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , as well as the draftsmen of opinions .
The Community has always attempted to compensate for this shortcoming in the context of the smooth running of the internal market and , to this end , it launched two types of initiative in the 1980s .
He was fishing but he had not caught any fish .
We will all have to be <unk> in our use of speaking time so that we can deal with all of the subjects and none is left out .
The liberal group is also acutely aware of the ethical <unk> posed by the ever faster <unk> technological possibilities .
The <unk> between the pillars must be clear if the Union &apos;s action is to be as coherent as possible in areas linked to the free movement of persons .
I would remind colleagues that the existing instruments covering nuclear safety – national regulations and the Convention on Nuclear Safety – are perfectly and wholly adequate .
At the weekend , the opening of a new motorway between <unk> and <unk> , near Rome , showed the way forward .
One can live with drugs , as is the case - to many people &apos; s delight - with alcohol and tobacco and as is the case with <unk> and <unk> .
Mrs De <unk> talked of the hope for an <unk> restoration of normal relations .
As far as Phare is concerned , as long as the projects were very small on average , execution was extremely complicated and control was also difficult .
This involves trying to have <unk> cars &apos; which must be <unk> with sophisticated <unk> <unk> .
Nevertheless , President Santer , Commissioner Fischler , Mr <unk> , chairman of the Committee on Agriculture and myself are going to meet them to find out what exactly their demands are .
But I am convinced that the general public will also agree on how important it is for the European Parliament to monitor the work of the Central Bank .
Commissioner Michel is well placed to give you a full account and his assessment .
We have just held meetings in Copenhagen with the ASEM countries and individual meetings with South Korea , China , and Indonesia .
‘ ... as stated by Hans <unk> , that the credible threat of the use of force has played an important role in facilitating the disarmament work of <unk> and <unk> . ’ We will not support it .
25 March this year was the <unk> anniversary of the day on which 20 000 Estonian citizens were subjected to mass <unk> from Estonia by Soviet occupation forces .
Mr President , that the non-proliferation policy is in crisis is not a matter of doubt , and of disarmament policy scarcely anything is now to be heard .
On the <unk> of the resolution , the EPLP abstained on paragraph 5 which calls for the EMU countries to be represented by a single voice on international bodies .
We support the additional measures advocated in the original report .
Throughout the year , thousands of projects have been set up in conjunction with schools , sporting associations and local and regional authorities in order to make young people aware of the dangers of doping and to encourage them to adhere to the principle of fair play in their sporting activities .
The long overdue complete opening of energy markets was not forthcoming .
Thus , as you can see , the Commission accepts your proposed amendments on the three central provisions of the Commission text .
I think there is a good chance of the agreement between the European Union and the USA producing a result that will not only comply with our provisions on data protection but also give us all less cause to fear terrorist attacks .
This directive should be solely directed towards supporting new renewable technologies that are not yet commercially viable .
Does the Commissioner have an understanding with Member States that they will not top up their vehicle taxation as a means of recovering income lost as a result of lower prices , thereby <unk> out the economic benefit to consumers ?
Nobody should think we have <unk> into this with no regard for civil liberties .
The sooner trains are equipped with European train control systems , thus allowing them to travel on major <unk> corridors , the sooner it will be possible to make savings on maintenance costs and eliminate costs associated with the use of multiple systems .
Let them also have the European Union &apos; s full support , in the same way and to the same degree that the United States supports Israel .
I also see it as irresponsible to move towards the abolition of employers ’ contributions to workers ’ health insurance .
<unk> corruption is an essential first step .
The consumer will actually suffer on two counts .
In addition , in the case of natural gas <unk> , for example , a small amount of mercury always ends up in the water .
According to the Commission , this declaration is <unk> since it would render Article 7a of the Treaty ineffective but , clearly , States adopted this detailed formulation because they felt that Article 7a was <unk> drafted and wished to clarify it .
<unk> the point entirely , those on the left continue to create conflict between security and freedom , suggesting that they prefer freedom to security .
I would even say that they suffer genuine deprivation .
But according to some estimates , there is a <unk> of something like 1 <unk> posts dealing with priority policy areas .
There are a number of action centres ; specific action is proposed in Framework Programme 7 to boost that ability to compete .
I welcome the decision taken concerning Turkey - although I would have preferred the date of 1 May 2004 - but this must become a defining moment in our relations with Turkey .
Obviously , the position taken by the Commission when it opens a procedure and the basis on which this is done can be challenged by the governments or by the companies concerned .
Yes , Great Britain has made proposals since May .
The question of safe havens was raised .
It has been estimated that a hundred million people take an active interest in it in the European Union .
Research shows that older people are more reluctant than others to start using euros early .
<unk> III expires on 31 December 2004 .
Let us be absolutely clear that the <unk> and ACP countries want access to our market , at market prices ; that means keeping prices reasonably high in the European Union , so that they can have access at the prices they believe are safe for them .
Indeed I am grateful that he has seen fit to accept five of mine : on defining the objective ; to provide adequate and fair incomes to older people and prevent poverty in old age ; on defining the gravity of the problem ; on the importance of promoting pension portability ; and , in particular , on the disgrace that certain EU institutions continue to discriminate against allowing older workers to apply for jobs - a point I have raised on several occasions with Commissioner Kinnock with , I regret to say , only <unk> in response .
In my view , most definitely not unless such rejection of the scientific arguments were <unk> based , <unk> argued and fully justified .
In doing so we are talking about local power , about participation by the people , about democracy .
It is unlikely that we shall be able to spend anything less the next time round either .
As far as I am concerned , we should hold each item of expenditure up to the light to see whether the expense in question is justified or not .
I think we need once and for all to stop <unk> and <unk> and <unk> blame ; instead , let us for once remember that we have adopted enough resolutions and set ourselves enough targets , that now is the time to at last abide by the resolutions and <unk> down to achieving the objectives .
As an example I will simply mention Kaliningrad .
Mr President , first I should like to thank Mr Hughes , Mr De Rossa and Mr Andersson for their interest in the question of harassment at the workplace , which clearly helps the Commission .
( <unk> / 2001 ) by Mr Martinez and others , on behalf of the TDI Group , on foot-and-mouth disease ; The amendments that I have proposed on behalf of the Group Union for Europe extend the thinking of the rapporteur .
Mr President , ever since I was elected to this Parliament in 1994 I have never witnessed a report which had such <unk> sentiments and <unk> as the <unk> report which we are debating today .
Prevention is achieved through campaigns aimed at <unk> people to the dangers of drink driving and educating them about the fight against illegal substances ; compulsory technical vehicle inspections ; improvements in the provision of signals ; and so on and so forth .
This is after all a separate plan , and one which must , of course , be managed within the constraints of category 5 if new requirements exist .
<unk> not .
We do not want to be one of the EU &apos; s border states forever , living along a frontier of <unk> that runs through Europe .
Firstly , we undermine the unity of NATO at our <unk> .
Moreover , reinforced cooperation within the three pillars will initially have the objective of moving further towards European integration .
I also think it is appropriate to say thank you to Commissioner Kinnock for the commitment he always shows when it comes to proposing measures to increase safety .
I now feel that I am repeating myself .
The ambition of this communication is to promote the development of an integrated approach to the challenges imposed by ageing and <unk> changes in the pension systems .
VOTE It may be that is one way we can proceed on this matter .
However , in our view , <unk> services should be included in the directive .
I concur with the remarks made that there should be more focus , but also that it should be better tailored to the five-year plan .
As I believe it is impossible to achieve economic and social cohesion with this budget , I would like to ask the Commission whether it wants to abolish economic and social cohesion through future amendments to the Treaties .
Before this summit I called for a sense of urgency on three areas : terrorism , the IGC and economic reform .
<unk> again ! &apos;
The problem is not just that the debate is taking place at this time , but also that it is doing so in an empty Chamber .
You no longer have any national control ; you no longer have any European control ...
<unk> noise has been compared with the noise from music or <unk> .
I would add that the Commission &apos;s right of initiative is today the most appropriate , precisely because it is exercised in the framework of a set of interinstitutional programmes agreed with the European Parliament and with the European Council itself .
The room for manoeuvre and involvement of this Parliament when the Commission presents its reports is practically zero .
Question No 44 by Richard Howitt ( <unk> / 98 ) Equally , European Union leaders are right to call on Israel to withdraw its military forces , stop <unk> executions , lift closures and restrictions on the Palestinian people , free settlements and end operations directed against Palestinian infrastructure .
Finally , on the subject of alternative means of regulation , I am very pleased that this report demands a strict framework for recourse to <unk> and self-regulation , because it is essential to provide safeguards in this area .
The previous speaker referred to the Commission and everything that it has to do .
Maintaining guide levels or , where considered <unk> , making provision for a study assessing the existing levels or their replacement with new guide levels , would in my view be the proper way forward .
The <unk> assessment reported that a quarter of Europe &apos;s <unk> are of poor or bad quality , with either <unk> populations of fish or completely devoid of fish .
I believe that what we have achieved today is very important , and that it is this very mixture of a vision of creating a European Single Sky and of realism , which has guided our action , both in Parliament and in the Commission , and also – I would like to point out – in the Council , which has allowed us to take pleasure today in a positive result , which is an extremely important step , which we all know will be followed by further steps , but which is the first step in this new frontier of the Single European Sky .
As for our coasts , they continue to be polluted by thousands of ships carrying dangerous waste .
We must work for a more sustainable industry in the future .
It is therefore important that we in the European Parliament adopt amendments that do away with this <unk> attitude and at the same time of course institute a procedure that is simple enough for us to alter facilities for the export and import of waste when countries really make it clear that that is what they want .
The information must come in cooperation with the Member States , but what , in my opinion , is of most importance is that NGOs are kept fully aware of what is happening .
I shall be very glad to do so if I can .
If we here in the European Parliament who have called for it on several occasions , want to have a standing International Tribunal for crimes of this kind and if we take our own human rights demands seriously , then the European Union and its Member States must now immediately be serious about enabling the Tribunal to function and give us the necessary support .
It is not enough that all the world &apos; s industrialised countries should be included in the scheme , as then currency trading would move to tax havens outside that group of countries .
This means that the Union has created an extremely practical instrument which is effective , which can be directly applied in the countries concerned in one way or another through the institutions which they themselves have set up with their central banks , and which is making progress .
I hope that this project will be a success .
If we are to be able to create a dynamic and competitive Europe , then deregulation , liberalisation , structural changes and tax reductions must be implemented .
The scope of these centres &apos; work is also being changed to increase their role in attracting investment , to give them a regional mission and to encourage the <unk> sustainability .
Mr President , almost two years ago the Florence European Council called for a report from the Commission on the value of dual vocational training .
Again , as I assured you earlier , we will correct all of the linguistic versions after the vote .
As you see , the Commission has adopted a prudent and realistic approach in the light of the implementation of earlier years .
A competent Europol cannot emerge in the current climate .
Mr President , may I put a point of order ?
As institutions , local authorities enjoy direct democratic legitimacy , and if , for example , they come to realise that - even if it comes rather more expensive - they want wooden window frames produced by sustainable forestry , then let them in future be able to have them .
As for the question of financial responsibility , we shall obviously return to that when the investigations are over .
The cost of health insurance is rising ; medicines account for some 10 % of total public health <unk> .
European crime prevention network ( continuation ) In any case I hope that considerable attention will be given to asylum , migration , drug trafficking and organized crime .
I am personally convinced that a worthy social policy must be based on wealth production that allows only sustainable economic development .
<unk> are meant to be <unk> and they are meant to be safe .
Nor could we overlook the fact that in the European Union there are more than 42 000 industries , the overwhelming majority SMEs , employing around 1.9 billion workers .
( Applause Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , perhaps you are asking why another two reports on the protection of the EU &apos;s financial interests are on the agenda .
It is our children who are the main target of media <unk> and the aggressive marketing of smoking .
One organization - the <unk> League - is being punished for the actions of another organization - the <unk> League - over which it has no control .
If this has to be done on a regular basis , I <unk> that there is a problem with the basic wage paid , rather than the right to continue compulsory overtime .
I congratulate it on that .
That is why the success of the Tampere Summit and this resolution are so important .
The criminals we are talking about are unscrupulous people and effective action must be taken against them .
No one is suggesting that the United States intends or wants to reduce its strategic commitment to Europe .
Let me sum up as follows for the benefit of the <unk> , by which I mean our fellow citizens , in order to make explicit the main themes of the draft budget submitted to us by the Council of Ministers .
I am encouraged by the progress in Germany on an agreement between the Länder and the central government on the control of public finances .
If we have two capitals between which bridges are built , there could be a very significant strengthening of that European dimension .
This is a modest affair , then - we are prevented from having recourse to the mass media by the limited size of the budget .
To conclude , Mr President , in society women must not have more problems than men , but the same problems .
Parliament , like the Commission , also feels that as we move further down the road of data collection and data exchange , it is absolutely essential that we have safeguards in place .
Nevertheless , we have taken action .
Commissioner , what has happened to the tests ?
<unk> should be directed solely at adults , <unk> drivers should avoid having more than <unk> % alcohol in their <unk> and parents , associations and sports personalities should persuade children and <unk> to resist the massive onslaught by manufacturers , retailers , bar and club owners and <unk> .
Sweden &apos;s rate of adult tobacco consumption is 19 % .
The <unk> have already anticipated her request to stop such incidents occurring .
The government &apos;s strong fight against corruption is hampered by lack of financial , human and material resources , with the inevitable knock-on effect of a low absorption rate of EU funds .
The directive on the introduction of Euro 3 and Euro 4 made provision for this , for using tax incentives to encourage modernisation of the <unk> fleet .
We consider this to be an incorrect , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> <unk> and I would like to say that all members of my group stand by Mrs Van Bladel and that each one of them considers himself or herself <unk> <unk> individually .
I regret , however , that my amendment concerning the demand for Turkish recognition of the Armenian genocide between <unk> and <unk> was not adopted by the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy .
We therefore drafted a series of assessments and put forward amendments to be incorporated , which the Committee on Freedoms did not take into consideration at all .
How is it possible that the committee has not noticed that Finnish farm incomes fell last year , in the first year of EU membership , by over 25 % on average , on some farms as much as 40 % and in wheat , <unk> and <unk> production even more than that ?
Thank you , Mr Marset .
It would be fantastic , but really for me the most important <unk> would be to be able to deploy European forces to make people love each other where they were killing each other .
It is good that we are concentrating our energies on fighting against this kind of cross-border crime which the individual countries do not solve .
The Commission proposal quite clearly recognises the difference of legal treatment between <unk> and <unk> relatives .
On behalf of Parliament , I welcome a delegation of Members of Parliament from ten Mediterranean States which are signatory to the Barcelona Convention .
In its own investment plan , the company committed itself to making Terni the European centre of excellence for <unk> steel , based partly on the infrastructure and <unk> benefits guaranteed by the Italian Government in June 2004 .
This issue , as I indicated earlier , has been considered not just by the Commission , and not just by the Council of Ministers , but also by Parliament .
That was a mistake and it is to be hoped that there will now be a <unk> from that position .
This is the fundamental balance that we must achieve .
In actual fact , Ukrainian membership in the long term is such a long way off that it is not in sight at all .
The democratic values that you defend in this House are universal values ; they carry the same weight whether in this House , in Cuba or in Nigeria .
In my view , democracy will not increase by taking away from national parliaments and governments the right to take decisions on financial and monetary policy .
It remains to be seen how effective these measures will be .
What is more , the international monetary system is becoming more unstable and crises are happening with greater frequency .
I should like to take this opportunity to explain the precise impact of this decision and the reasons for it .
Given that Turkey is not entitled to conclude trade agreements without the approval of the European Union , not to mention the fact that the signing of such an agreement with Denktash &apos;s <unk> <unk> &apos; is tantamount to provocation vis-à-vis the European Union and the Republic of Cyprus , which is to join the EU in 2004 , does the Council believe that the signing of this agreement represents a positive contribution by Turkey to efforts to resolve the Cyprus question , as it undertook to do on the basis of the Helsinki Agreement and the European Union / Turkey Association Agreement ?
Among them are women and men who are standing up for human rights .
<unk> the UCLAF employees are on short-term contracts , so that when people have settled in they leave again and important knowledge is lost .
Is this figure going up or down ?
And together with the progress made , we must acknowledge and be aware of the difficulties inherent in integrating the Schengen Agreement into the framework of the European Union .
It cannot be stressed often enough .
This formula asks for an improvement of the actual implementation of the rule of law , meaning respect for such fundamental freedoms as political association and peaceful assembly , the independence of the judiciary , the right to a fair trial and the exclusion of all forms of torture and <unk> .
We must also , however , bear in mind the fact that the minimum procedural guarantees are one point on which we have to add value to the Human Rights Convention , more specifically to its Article 6 , for that Article 6 is our common foundation in Europe , and something to which we all feel committed .
The second area is the defence of the European Constitution .
Mr President , I think that Agenda 2000 is a particular challenge for us all , especially in the accession strategies of the candidate countries .
You have to think of it as a practice exercise for <unk> , a <unk> without a fire .
I think that Parliament can be proud that we have overcome the <unk> position of the Council with the results of the conciliation procedure on the second railway package and have created a new , practical European dimension for the development of railway companies in the Union .
It is thus desirable that the relevant directives should be amended .
That was how we analysed the situation in July .
The two issues she mentioned are of such enormous importance that I will be dealing with them in the course of my work , although at this moment in time I cannot give the House any exact dates .
In the Council , we have clarified the scope and have strengthened the authorisation provisions to provide a greater drive towards substitution .
In my opinion this criticism is not justified .
On the one hand , greater transparency must be demanded of organisations receiving Community grants .
As people flee Zimbabwe , they are arriving in the neighbouring countries .
An organized crime consists in getting organized to commit a crime .
Will it be yet another European technocratic unit ?
Being members of this House , we are naturally <unk> between the obligations and tasks imposed on us by a parliamentary democracy and the knowledge that there are many details we really cannot get to grips with unless we are experts in a specific area .
The general philosophy of this regulation has been underlined by each of you , both from the fair treatment <unk> and as a kind of solution .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I wish to associate myself with what our colleague Mr <unk> has said here .
Could I say to you first of all that as political group coordinator for the committee most affected by the new procedure for tomorrow , you should have allowed me to speak earlier .
Europe must continue to do its part ; we cannot take a different path : we must give continuity to our work and our commitment .
So it also has to do with environmental protection .
The principle of equality and non-discrimination is one of the core fundamental rights that lie at the heart of the EU .
The directive will also harmonize the national systems for authorizing <unk> products , with common principles for evaluation being introduced .
If not , what can be done to ensure that the objective will be achieved ?
.
So we think that the existing legal rules , together with the information that suppliers are being given , will be enough to deal with the problem in legal terms .
The mid-term review contains two entirely fundamental horizontal aspects , namely the decoupling of direct subsidies and dynamic modulation .
In my opinion , an advanced and cohesive strategic plan is needed for the area , a single contractual framework for a privileged partnership between the <unk> U and the Western Balkans .
Terrorism is a wide-ranging threat to the security of the civil population , which often increases the sense of insecurity in Europe much more than traditional <unk> , mostly military security problems .
This process will only be successful , however , if all European citizens are involved and consulted on these essential issues .
Thus , the NAFTA has opted to highlight its <unk> by adopting three official languages : Spanish , French and English .
One only has to consider that in terms of users , the percentage ownership of computers , particularly in rural areas , is low .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Many members of the public saw the <unk> of foot and mouth disease by means of the open burning of animal <unk> as demonstrating complete disregard for animals &apos; dignity , and nor did the bottom line add up in economic terms .
The European Union , to be specific , is currently seeing the arrival of huge numbers of immigrants , and since Commissioner Lamy is here , and he has been so concerned with the problems of globalisation , I would like to say that I believe we are dealing with another aspect of the phenomenon of that globalisation .
Mr President , what is being objected to here is not the Minutes themselves , though these provide the pretext ; the aim is to challenge yesterday &apos;s vote in favour of Strasbourg at all costs .
More <unk> , turning to subsidiarity and especially paragraphs <unk> of Mr Doorn ’ s report , I give my own country , Scotland , as an example of the missed opportunity that subsidiarity currently represents .
In the really important areas such as taxes , public levies , social policy , asylum and immigration , the old order has evidently <unk> .
However , I still have many worries , as do other Members , about certain proposals of the Commission .
Mr President , the outermost regions have a special status , recognised in Article <unk> ( 2 ) of the 1997 Treaty on European Union , but I would say that this status has existed since the founding of the first European Economic Community , in 1957 , because this Treaty laid down special provisions for the French <unk> <unk> .
Our second comment concerned the financial implications of the statute and these concerns have also been addressed .
And everyone knows how important agendas are for the outcome of consultations .
In the European Union , there are not one but 15 buyers , which <unk> more or less the same things , but according to different criteria and using different methods , and cooperation in this sector leaves a great deal to be desired .
It is <unk> as to whether the measure really seems suited to following up <unk> concerning <unk> subsidies , particularly as it fails to provide any harmonised internal accounting procedures at European level .
Russia has got its own Kurdish problem , which is evidently just as difficult to solve as it has been in Turkey .
<unk> are therefore contributing <unk> million ECU to the achievement of EMU , taking into account only the <unk> Budget .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , with the <unk> defences that were raised , the European Council ended in <unk> <unk> : in essence , a <unk> death <unk> for this Europe , the Europe of <unk> , which is so far removed from the dream of the <unk> , the <unk> , the founding fathers of the European idea .
For the <unk> reasons , we are voting against both reports .
On the other hand , it is essential for the greatest possible amount of financial aid available to be sent directly to the beneficiaries .
However , we must take care here , as we did with the long-term SME programme , to ensure that the Community can provide additional finance from PHARE programme funds .
As the honourable Member knows , we have taken a number of tough measures in relation to the regime covering issues like visas and assets .
Mr Söderman has been most <unk> in <unk> his brief on behalf of the citizens of Europe .
However , I am somewhat <unk> that , in your <unk> to ensure the inclusion of all Members in the work of Parliament , you chose to <unk> them entirely and instead provide your draft proposal first to the press , without prior consultation with the Members you are so keen to assist .
Mr President , it has been no easy task to formulate Parliament &apos; s discussion paper for the forthcoming summit .
The one we have at present is unsatisfactory .
It is true that the momentum for reform has slowed down in Turkey in the past year .
They must be cleared up – and that means now , by this Commission .
Such matters are of two types : those which can be resolved within the scope of existing regulations , and others for which this has not yet been possible because of the differences between national legislations .
This is apparent too from the fact that the development cooperation programmes of the European Union and its Member States in Guatemala are aimed particularly at promoting human rights and providing information and training on human rights .
The report has made significant headway in terms of reaching agreement between industry and citizens on important issues such as <unk> and <unk> car fronts .
Europe has always been one of the <unk> continents in the agricultural sector .
If anything should be corrected it is this .
The proposal of the Commission maintains the ban on the deliberate use of GMOs or <unk> products .
Kosova needs urgently to be enabled to pursue an <unk> policy in order to attract investment .
That is not my understanding of the situation .
If Parliament decides to follow my recommendations to amend the overall level of Parliament ’ s Budget – Amendment No <unk> – which would reduce the Budget by EUR 40 million , the amount of budget item <unk> , which is the amount of the institution ’ s property investments , will be <unk> accordingly .
What we cannot do is pass our problems on to our neighbour .
A document published by Parliament ’ s <unk> Service declared that freedom of information in Italy is the most important issue in this sitting and once again declared that freedom of information is endangered in Italy .
I suggest taking up the proposal of the <unk> that an interview , rather than an examination as such , should be held .
That would be a great signal to move forward .
Many of them have become seriously ill during their imprisonment in conditions which Mrs <unk> will no doubt describe to us .
Their use seems to be the result of random or <unk> designs which are no substitute for the application of instruments of a different scope devised for different situations .
I should like to confine my speech to the European Patent .
This report will take up many of the themes developed by the Commission , Council and Parliament in their contributions to the review .
There are three kinds of failure : you can lose to your opponents , you can fail to achieve goals that are set too high , and you can be your own downfall .
Referring to it in biblical terms does not help because it continues to put the various arguments into <unk> .
You told us that your area is one with a defence industry .
It is an exemplary balance between the fight against terrorism and the protection of people ’ s fundamental rights .
However , we believe that immigration , and improved access to the employment market for immigrants , is the wrong approach .
Let us not throw it away .
An agreement that provides for the full liberalisation of 95 % of South African exports to the EU over a ten-year period with tariffs eliminated on 86 % of its industrial goods is a very long time to wait for a country facing such acute economic and social problems .
I personally believe that digital television will play a major role in the information society in the longer term because the Internet must also be available via television if we really want the whole population to use it .
<unk> human rights in the world means fighting for the dignity of every human being and guaranteeing the right of peoples , and not their <unk> or <unk> , to benefit from the fruit of collective work and effort .
.
When Mr Puerta mentioned some of ETA &apos; s victims , he made no reference to someone who was killed by ETA 16 years ago .
The proposal in front of us goes part of the way towards dealing with this very serious problem for marine life in the Mediterranean .
The <unk> of absurdity in this <unk> of a break up <unk> , is that for once , Europe did say the same thing , even if it did not speak with a single voice .
We know from what has been said on this subject by Commissioner Byrne that he will not accept the type of formulation proposed by the committee at Article <unk> .
The man who said that has also gone .
It is a dialogue that is fundamental and absolutely crucial on this earth and in this world that it is our common responsibility to manage and care for .
Because of reservations about national sovereignty .
I therefore wish the Dutch Presidency success in providing the initial impetus that steers the debate in the right direction .
What has happened to the respect for human rights , which must condition who the European Union helps or <unk> with , and which you adapt to suit your own ends ?
It is for this reason that the Commission cannot accept Amendment No 30 tabled by Mrs Thyssen .
Another very important issue being widely discussed in the EU is common energy policy .
I am delighted that , on the whole , Parliament supports the Commission ’ s proposal .
Amending the Treaties is not an option , Mr President .
To make matters clear , however , there can be no accession on the cheap .
Other monitoring data show ozone thresholds frequently being exceeded outside the Athens <unk> .
The Europe of the islands is not merely a theory , but rather a human , cultural , economic and social reality .
We must make every effort and , in my view , we can rely to a large extent on the local authorities .
Madam President , clearly and briefly , with a legal basis enshrined in the Treaties , the Dutch presidency is defining its programme text with rigorous challenges forced upon us by the way in which we are moving towards the introduction of the euro .
Without a post in the Church he would be <unk> from his family home .
The production capacity and actual production of South Korea alone are greater than for the whole of the Community .
If that is to be the case , then our work here in the future will be like that of a <unk> school and we will never make any progress .
Moving on to Iran , on which I was rapporteur in the previous legislative period , I would like to make it clear that we certainly do have a combination of interests that we can reduce to a common denominator .
Of course , the presentation of the European Central Bank &apos;s proposal is in line with the Treaty of Nice , which , moreover , stipulated that the Council could decide on either an ECB proposal or a Commission proposal .
The panel is calling for the banana regime to be brought into line with obligations under the WTO licensing agreement and GATT .
I have never known a <unk> to achieve concrete results ; only optimism , faith and <unk> can lead to positive results .
I am pleased that Commissioner Bonino has clarified the situation , because there was a perception as a result of the statement after Amsterdam that the UK Government and the UK Prime Minister were given preferential treatment .
We have expressed clearly our gratitude for the ‘ Marshall Plan ’ which has come to us from Europe and we have tried to generate hope .
This is a form of human rights violation that is mainly encouraged by the government there .
Many people are also concerned about the absence of a social Europe , and yet it is everywhere ; it is a reality .
They were given plenty of fine words , but no practical action .
A comprehensive political tax harmonisation will not solve the growth problem in Europe .
In my parliamentary activities I have frequently raised this issue in various forms .
In the second reading , it also deleted the remark on this , despite the Austrian Presidency itself working very hard in support of this cause .
Furthermore , according to the EU &apos;s statistical service , 18 % of European citizens live below the poverty line , while <unk> of those living in poverty are working .
When the UN operation is finally underway in the region , the <unk> way to promote its <unk> in the eyes of the Sudanese Government may be for it to be made up of African and Asian troops .
On the other hand , I would stress the considerable importance of providing our Europe with strong institutions to fill the institutional void being created by progress on the economic front with the euro .
Naturally we hope Parliament will also attend .
That was because of lax control and some of the staff thought they could make a mix of their own .
Mrs Maes , I am told - for none of us knows the Rules of Procedures off by heart - that you were not entitled to ask this second question because the Members are only entitled to ask one supplementary question during Question Time .
So it is hardly surprising that the first mine <unk> were not due to be delivered until May , despite the fact that we all know that in actual fact reconstruction is totally impossible without a comprehensive mine clearance programme .
Unlike <unk> Randzio-Plath , I think it is a pity that we have not scrapped the one cent coin .
We have to find a way of tackling that problem while at the same time protecting civil liberties .
As the <unk> in question was able to return to paid employment in Belgium and took advantage of the situation , we must do everything we can to avoid this sort of thing happening again .
Could it give Parliament a clear and definitive position on these matters ?
Fourth , European economic policy , which is based on the principles of a socially and <unk> market economy , needs to maintain qualified standards of protection which have grown up over the decades and which can be further developed at European level .
<unk> problems , <unk> , compulsory <unk> , segregated labour rooms , and numerous other means of discriminatory cases that even the resolution lists in various paragraphs , are not at all surprising within the EU and I deliberately do not mention specific countries here .
Fishing , Mr President , can be the test of these new relations between Canada and the European Union .
They are in favour of the Council &apos; s approach with a positive list on the basis of the Europol mandate .
The tax package is thus holding together , and it cannot be said that anyone got away <unk> in this matter .
The use of the word ‘ rejects ’ in Recital No 4 <unk> the idea to the European public that Parliament is seeking to re-open the financial debate , which as things stand is not feasible , let alone appropriate .
Obviously , the Directorate-General Justice , Freedom and Security must redouble its efforts to improve budget implementation .
The collaboration and increased awareness of women are of enormous importance : <unk> is an extremely useful tool , although <unk> screening is the most effective technique for the early detection of the cancer .
This environmental compatibility strategy is a quite essential element in the European model for living and is therefore something that we will affirm in the long term .
Bosnia-Herzegovina is not just a transit country , but also – not least because of the international presence – a destination .
It might help us .
Monetary union is vital but not enough .
I believe that the Commission &apos;s proposal has already <unk> to pressure from industry to too great an extent .
I was pleased with Mr Prodi &apos;s call for more political enthusiasm with regard to enlargement .
They play an important and crucial role in promoting democratic values such as freedom , tolerance , solidarity and gender equality .
I would also like to thank Mr Schmid who has obviously worked very hard on this issue , even though I disagree with some of the points in his report .
Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I feel that today ’ s debate on the subject of social protection and social inclusion is highly pertinent , since although there was a 3 % decline in the level of relative poverty in the years 1995 – 2000 , the level of 15 % is undoubtedly alarming .
In the past , Belgrade has in principle accepted the idea of international <unk> tests , so we hope it will approve our recent request for visas and for the <unk> to be opened .
For the <unk> , unknown .
A number of aspects are not touched upon , in particular those which the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens &apos; Rights had mentioned in its opinion .
For this reason , I am most surprised that the Council has not approved the very proposals that were designed to &apos;green &apos; the budget , and the Committee on Budgets is therefore <unk> five amendments relating to the environment aspects of the Structural Funds , environmental protection and the allocation of Structural Fund money to environmental protection under the habitats and birds directives .
In so doing it has <unk> peace throughout the Middle East .
The previous speaker pointed this out .
Only the word <unk> &apos; makes sense and corresponds to the word <unk> &apos; which I chose in the original French text .
That is how it is in Luxembourg , and that is how it is supposed to be everywhere - no more and no less .
Firstly , it does not make it clear whether the document has European or world ambitions .
That need not always be money , Mrs Schreyer .
For the second time , attempts to liberalise port services have been <unk> , following a significant mobilisation of the workers in the sector , who , from the very outset , have fought against this new onslaught on jobs with rights .
He says , among other things , that strategic environmental impact assessment should apply to agricultural and livestock development programmes .
We must not overlook this .
The building of a better future for the Western Balkans is indeed the best way to <unk> the victims of <unk> .
We hope very much that the Commission and the Council will both appreciate the seriousness of the concerns being expressed .
I would like to quote from a report from a joint working group of the European Union and Slovakia on nuclear energy which states very clearly : &quot; Even without <unk> V 1 , the country is in a position to cover its average consumption needs with national production throughout the period to 2015 . &quot;
<unk> voting can only be extended in the Council if at the same time the European Parliament &apos;s powers of codecision are widened .
We want an international peacekeeping force .
If we are serious about supervising <unk> and if Member States cooperate , then tonnage reduction could actually be on a voluntary basis with compensation .
Moreover , yesterday , North Korea reinforced its blackmail through another threat : it will <unk> missile testing if it feels the negotiations with Japan are unsatisfactory .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Parliament has always reacted appropriately to violations of human rights .
If it is a bad rule it should be changed ; if it is a good rule it should be applied .
Recent advances in <unk> were first brought home to us by British scientists when they produced <unk> the <unk> - the world &apos;s first <unk> sheep .
Perhaps we should also mention that after that the <unk> compromise was made .
Yet the report could at least have put the blame at the door of those responsible .
We want to get them restored , and I urge the Council to follow our lead in this .
As a Commission representative said to members of the French Parliament after the Toulouse disaster , a process which seeks to harmonise approaches without harmonising basic <unk> will never succeed .
I hope that those who decided , perhaps some considerable time ago , that they were going to vote against the report , will now reconsider their position .
Europe has at its disposal a broad <unk> of individual forms of cooperation .
She was the winner of the Miss Denmark contest .
There is something , however , which I consider to be far more serious : we were told we could not hold a topical and urgent debate this Thursday because we held one during the first session in September .
Finally , on the question of the Irish referendum , the message given both by the Council and the Commission today is an important one .
In our experience , the difficulties many petitioners encounter with regard to these petitions are twofold .
In that resolution we called on the Council and the Commission to do their utmost to protect the life and health of the Iraqi people and to put an end to its suffering .
Amsterdam is one more step in that direction .
The Parliament has emphasized the need to take socioeconomic aspects into account to a very high degree , and the Commission shares this point of view .
It will reduce ozone at ground level , which not only increases <unk> , but also <unk> , eye problems and even heart disease .
I will , of course , <unk> the points made , firstly to Commissioner Reding and then to the rest of the Commission .
They expressed the desire to make the education , youth and training complex the first link in the chain of joint action .
But above all , there is a need to adopt real and effective measures to eradicate the violence , so that it ceases to be a topic for parliamentary debate .
However , I would stress that the notion of priority always presupposes that the project increases the competitiveness of combined transport through innovation .
Parliament was quite right to underline the difficulties that small and medium-sized enterprises have in <unk> this programme , and the new text will quite specifically make it easier for them .
Mr <unk> Mr President , we believe that the liberalisation of the energy markets illustrates once again the conflict between the European institutions and the peoples of Europe .
We , the European institutions , must build a bridge between these two camps of our public opinion .
On the other , he disregards and undermines efforts made by <unk> organisations such as El <unk> .
The Commission , particularly in the White Paper on governance , is going to promote the <unk> function of the European Parliament .
The debate is closed .
Perhaps we should not be surprised at what has happened .
To Mrs <unk> particularly , I would say that we do not support Amendment No 6 because the EC Treaty already contains the provisions which allow Member States to impose more stringent restrictions .
Mr President , I should like to add my voice to the congratulations being offered to Mrs <unk> Hautala : she has sought compromises , she has come <unk> to meet our various concerns .
The Stability Pact should , rather , be strengthened , improved and made more efficient ; targets that only refer to budget balances are no longer enough .
The result that we wish to see forces us to make a sincere appeal that is not <unk> by any <unk> <unk> with the parties involved in the conflict in Cabinda .
If we do not confer on the European Union the kind of substance that brings it close to citizens , the effect will be that of an <unk> <unk> <unk> by a <unk> and <unk> of its content : from the outside it will look perfect but in reality it will be redundant - an empty <unk> .
We are talking about an extreme situation that demands an immediate response .
It is better to have transparency , democracy and proximity to the people than to have more money for public relations .
It should lend to infrastructure and to SMEs .
I must acknowledge the generous nature of the general rapporteur , who was himself of another opinion .
We are also concerned that additives may be introduced into foods by means of additives in <unk> which are not required to be labelled .
We believe it will help improve the image of European goods and will help our competitiveness .
Last year EUR 18 billion in payment appropriations remained <unk> and the figure for the previous year was EUR 11 billion .
I am sorry to say that it was not stated entirely clearly whether the Kinnock reform was at least partially successful in this endeavour .
Parliament will be watching to ensure that the Commission carries out its promise .
I think that there would be no point into trying to <unk> it with a <unk> mandate .
Our efforts should therefore be directed away from collectivism and things done on a large scale in favour of individual agreements and easily adaptable organizations .
Parliament would put the Commission in an extremely difficult position if it were to adopt an unclear or negative resolution .
And let us be honest , we need the British to help us build Europe and we want to keep them on board .
I therefore share the rapporteur &apos;s opinion emphasising that the Charter must now be given binding legal force and a constitutional status , in accordance with modalities to be decided and which will depend on the future structure of the Treaties As she quite rightly stated , there is no international instrument currently in place in all of our Member States for the application of financial penalties in criminal matters .
The first mission I went on after taking office was the humanitarian mission to East Timor in the autumn of 1999 , the second one was to the region we are talking about today .
And it is true that both the Commission communication and the report constitute important progress and we welcome that .
A new method is vital .
What is the cause of this erosion ?
When we read that Parliament is concerned at serious and <unk> human rights violations , the existence of degrading detention conditions and the erosion of basic rights and fundamental freedoms , that it is deeply concerned at cases of torture , cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment , including cases of death , we could be forgiven for thinking that we were in Burundi or Zaire , and not the European Union .
That is regrettable , of course .
We have also made several changes to the technical measures , in order to help guarantee the sustainable use of fish resources .
In reply to Mr Corbett ’ s question , the normal procedure is for institutional questions to be dealt with last .
Another avenue must be <unk> , one that is more flexible and more respectful of the decisions of each Member State : the avenue of <unk> cooperation &apos; .
In a few years &apos; time , national currencies will be nothing but a memory for the new generations .
The Commission &apos; s proposal removes those rules which entitle local and national authorities to local derogations .
We could strengthen our cooperation in conflict prevention and post-conflict reconstruction , and in addressing global concerns such as non-proliferation and terrorism .
( Applause from the PSE Group ) Last , but not least , I would like to express the Commission &apos;s high appreciation of the very short time period of one month in which the Parliament will be delivering its opinion .
It is therefore entirely appropriate to carry out a detailed cost-benefit analysis of this source of own resources , as the rapporteur proposes .
Mr President , in order not to waste Parliament &apos;s time , I handed in a change of vote in writing .
It gave meaning to the preamble to the Maastricht Treaty concerning the EU &apos;s foreign policy priorities .
Now it was agreed at the last G7 meeting to give financial assistance for two reactors in the Ukraine , thanks to the means of financing we have in the EU , so that Chernobyl can be shut down .
<unk> <unk> once said that he dreamed of a Common Assembly which would unite Europe in peace and maintain relations with the other great democracy on the far side of the Atlantic .
That concludes our agenda for this week .
Given the fundamental importance which the EU attaches to the speedy introduction of this first stage of an international justice system and in view of the tragic events which have occurred around the world over the last few months and years , would the Commission not agree that the ratification of the Rome Statute should be explicitly established as forming part of the <unk> communautaire &apos; and as a new <unk> criterion &apos; to be met by any future candidate for accession to the EU ?
I thought Commissioner Frattini ’ s response was excellent .
This influx of marginalised individuals provides a breeding ground for all sorts of crime and exploitation .
During the debate in committee , the Socialist Group in the European Parliament sought to remedy this shortcoming , but unfortunately the <unk> that formed during the voting process prevented our points from being adopted .
As this needs to be recalled to mind , I would take this opportunity to state very clearly that we wanted to show our ability to conclude such an important directive at first reading .
Drug addiction is one of the greatest threats to modern society .
Mrs <unk> &apos;s curriculum <unk> would indicate that she is an excellent choice in terms of the main requirements laid down in the EC Treaty for membership of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank , namely personal integrity and recognised standing and professional experience in the monetary and banking field .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
Even the Serbian regime would prefer it if they were not there .
The allowances will be <unk> at Community level , thereby allowing operators who have carried out emissions savings to profit from their residual allowances by selling them by mutual agreement to operators who need them .
Through the Italian Prime Minister , the Italian Presidency has today emphasised the importance of close cooperation with the United States , constituting a North Atlantic alliance on a variety of global issues .
So I prefer to remember Salvador de <unk> and many others : this is <unk> ’ s Europe .
The situation in <unk> is very alarming and over the past few months , what happened in <unk> and in Baghdad showed that violence is also <unk> away under the surface in the <unk> parts <unk> and can <unk> at any time .
Europe is all about helping business and industry to play a more powerful role , not about <unk> it .
Let me say one last word about the recent elections : the increasingly low turnout is a <unk> of a distance between the public in general and the European project , a distance that we must fight .
We can no longer think of the United Nations in the way we did during the cold war , when the Soviet Union still existed and there were still dictatorships in South Africa and South America .
With this attempt , however , they are also trying to take the <unk> out of it , because pay is of course the most important condition of employment .
The lack of mutual coordination among Member States has led to bureaucratic , costly and time-consuming procedures .
French rail is currently expanding considerably , with growing employment , by doing the exact opposite of what Mr Jarzembowski proposes in his report .
Secondly , but very important , there is the question of responsibility , and several Member States have already objected in the Council to the European Commission &apos;s position .
You as representative of Parliament , along with those you select , you on behalf of Parliament along with the representatives of the media .
The extreme right in this House , namely , has the <unk> to make a speech here like the one just made by my colleague Mr Gollnisch .
Parliament is helping you ; it is helping you to reduce the Governments ’ margin for discretion .
There again , I think the subject deserved to be developed .
The purpose of the whole proposal was almost totally undermined , but now , at second reading , we have been able to reach a compromise agreement , as the rapporteur said , which <unk> the crucial points and takes us much closer to our original aim : to <unk> <unk> and misleading health and nutrition claims on food that <unk> consumers into thinking that those foods are good for them when they are not .
Their accession is guaranteed .
I am grateful to the rapporteurs for having worked out some very definite measures , albeit in <unk> all this <unk> , particularly to Mrs Frassoni for her report with its concrete proposals for improved monitoring of the process of transposing Community law , for <unk> infringement proceedings and greater transparency for those citizens who bring complaints .
Subject : <unk> military flights over the territory of the <unk> people in Canada I am also willing to accept Amendments Nos 2 and 3 .
The <unk> of grants – to which Mrs <unk> has already referred – is absolutely vital , in that it is needed , not least , alongside logistical support , insurance , residence and work permits , accommodation and preparations for travel , and is every bit as important as the <unk> of loans .
In fact we have used every source we could find , feeling we should not disregard any important or reliable source available to us .
It forms the basis for Europe-wide measures to combat discrimination .
Secondly , as regards the new countries , where we have <unk> most officials during the last two years , half of the recruitment has been of young people for the <unk> , <unk> and <unk> posts , but another half with staff who are older , up to the age of 60 in fact .
However , the experience of previous elections , during which serious irregularities and a total lack of transparency were noted , as well the continuing lack of democratic guarantees in Guinea , requires not only that we observe very carefully how the coming elections are held , but also that we demand , forcefully , that President Obiang adopts the necessary measures to guarantee fair play in these elections .
My question is no longer entirely relevant in any case .
That is without mentioning the heavy emotional cost , for which nothing , nobody , will compensate .
I therefore urge the Commission and Council to consider very seriously what aid , if any , should go to Laos without seeing considerable improvements , in particular with regard to the rights of the <unk> people .
If that cannot be done , then the European Commission has no other choice but to open the procedure .
There remains the issue that asylum seekers should not be held in detention centres .
This is essential if we are to ensure the survival of a sector that makes a significant contribution to the Lisbon Strategy , to technological innovation and to the Union ’ s strategic autonomy .
( Loud applause ) However , at its meeting of 29 January 2004 to launch the European Year of Education through Sport , the troika of education and sports ministers stressed the importance of the Olympic truce .
In my view , the <unk> of Europe are already far too strong and parliamentarians too weak .
Because of this , they demanded three things of the Palestinian Authority : the dismantling of the Hamas and Islamic Jihad terrorist networks , the arrest and prosecution of all persons suspected of terrorist activities , and a public announcement in <unk> of the end of the <unk> , the Palestinian <unk> .
As the previous speaker said , Parliament must therefore use all the means at its disposal to defend the human rights and the right to self-determination of the Tibetan people .
The type of waste that <unk> most quickly today is waste from electrical or electronic products .
We are simply trying to implement the existing legislation and make it operational .
Parliament should support civil society in Mexico , which is asking for this <unk> provision to be changed .
So there are contradictions in our equal opportunities policy and I think we must be aware of that so that we can organise the future of our project better , or so it seems to me .
Along with the Council and the Commission , it forms a crucial part of the institutional checks and balances through which the European project has succeeded so well on behalf of all of us .
Let them convince us , not least the Council , that they have some principles and they are not always guided by expediency .
<unk> them why they moved to that country .
If the Tripartite Conference on growth and employment between governments , social partners and the Commission , and the next European Council in Florence , decide on a far-reaching and effective initiative on employment , the Union will have finally laid the foundations for renewed public confidence and it will be possible to say the Italian presidency ended with a flourish .
3 ) We object all the more to a number of matters which the European Union presently proposes to add to the Seattle agenda , subjects whose consequences we shall absolutely not be able to control .
Last month you met a delegation of Members of this House to discuss the possibility of introducing legislative options .
The vote will take place at 12.00 noon .
The informal motto almost seemed to be : we will meet up , and no one will notice .
Thank you , Commissioner .
Mr President , thank you for commemorating the recent natural and other disasters .
True to itself , the Committee on Budgets continues to state that the decisions taken in Edinburgh on this subject must be applied to the letter and that the budget approved constitutes an objective for expenditure .
Mr President , the European Convention on Human Rights that also applies to Russia as a Member State of the Council of Europe , has , as it were , its headquarters here in Strasbourg .
Although the <unk> are hardest hit , the impact is much wider , including the Irish , Danish and the Dutch , and we can learn from each other .
The continent of Europe accounts for about 10 % of all accidents worldwide , while one third of air traffic takes place in European <unk> .
Instead , I consider that each EU country should be able freely to exercise control over its own policy in this area .
As two speakers have already said , the tourism policy has suffered and must be allowed to get under way .
Decisions were reached in several important areas in terms of combating economic crime .
That is where it sees the chances for Europe .
I , too , would stress the fact that the – not <unk> , but important – ‘ polluter pays ’ principle , by which those who cause damage have to repair the damaged goods , is essential in a society which seeks to guarantee sufficient quality of life in the future too .
We are at a juncture which gives us hope that greater and more crucial progress may be made in this area .
Finally , I should like to ask you , in the European Commission &apos;s evaluations of progress made in achieving the Lisbon objectives and in evaluations of the various funds , to ensure that we always have this mainstreaming dimension .
I was very pleased to read in the Danish press that the Environment Commissioner is intent on <unk> the total limit value ; this I would most definitely have approved here this afternoon .
On Friday last week we managed , at last , to initial the agreement with Egypt and we are encouraged by the progress we are making with Algeria , with Lebanon and with Syria .
I regularly receive unwanted advertising on my <unk> .
<unk> of the public services responsible should have the right to directly consult the Schengen database , while , despite carrying out a public administration function , when the services carrying out this activity are private , they will have restricted access to it , via the police , like the other existing vehicle registration services .
However , I must ask you to intervene and ensure that the European Union does something , because it can in two ways .
Commissioner , Mr President , I think that Europe must state three main principles in this Millennium Round .
Perhaps more emphasis should be given than has been given in this resolution to the fact that one of the aspects of this <unk> is the policy of unilateralism and , above all , the new American doctrine with regard to unilateralism .
The Convention which starts in March and on which we now need to work is another opportunity to define institutions and treaties fit for our common European future and for the challenges ahead .
The 1998 budget is a rigorous one .
This supremacy in practice of a European directive over the Belgian Constitution means that Europe can override the constitutions of the Member States , which to my mind cannot be in line with a correct interpretation of the Union as a union of states in the sense of the binding <unk> decision .
I think that that would be consistent with the democracy we practise in this Chamber .
Until now , we have merely received <unk> answers extending the due date and the <unk> revised directive on informing and consulting workers has been our <unk> <unk> <unk> : everyone has been talking about it but no one has seen hide nor hair of it .
That is why we are trying to make the rapporteur aware of the need to take an initiative and table together with us an oral amendment which would eliminate the minimum area conditions .
A dialogue is now being conducted which still does not include all the parties in Algeria .
Mr President , at a time when globalisation is filling us with uncertainty and everything is in the short term and disposable , it is very difficult to have an overview of the future .
Yesterday , one of its principal members , the British Chancellor of the <unk> , attacked the proposals from the Convention as threatening to bring about a federal state with centralised fiscal policy .
<unk> of insurance mediation must not be increased , especially when there is no benefit to customers .
An establishment must listen to the people and be prepared to conduct a dialogue with them .
He or she would be accountable both to the High Representative for the common foreign and security policy , Mr Solana , and also to Commissioners Patten and Liikanen , and would be charged with developing a common defence and procurement plan .
I would like to end by warning you that this resolution must be seen more as a statement of help and understanding than as a <unk> .
Let me turn to the second point .
The intensity with which we have debated TV issues in recent weeks shows that it is not entirely acceptable to distinguish between content and the principles we had when we first debated <unk> .
I would like this service to be set up as soon as possible , as well as a compensation fund for pollution accidents similar to the one they have in the United States .
I would concede that the present debate does have one merit : the fact that it demonstrates , if there were any need , that we must not dream of a clean war , something I have always considered as not merely an illusion but an outright <unk> .
I should like to express my appreciation to the President for his opening address and to all those who sent messages of <unk> to my home town , Gothenburg , where 63 young people died recently in a fire .
We are giving new expression to the fact that Europe is not governed by the few , but that everyone has a voice , an influence and a portion of responsibility .
Whether this is a good or bad thing , it is a situation which I felt I had to clarify .
However , on enlargement , as on so much of European <unk> , there is a popular debate with which we must engage .
<unk> back to serious matters and serious speeches , I am the <unk> of a European political party and moreover , I would like to stress , of a party that does not sit in the European Parliament .
If I apply this to the Constitution , if this report were to be discussed in five years ’ time , it would not be so easy for the Commission to get away with saying that this is unacceptable or <unk> .
Minister , it is recorded that on the eve of the <unk> Revolution - an event that was to have such desperate consequences throughout the world - the Russian <unk> Church was engaged in complex discussions on the design of <unk> during <unk> .
We are now approaching the end not just of six , but of <unk> years since the Turkish invasion of Cyprus and the tragedy of that <unk> island still continues in defiance of the principles of international law .
Mr President , the British Labour MEPs fully support the polluter pays principle and , with this in mind , believe that the cost of <unk> in general should better reflect the real costs to society and , in particular , the environment .
We have to be able to think hard about how we can coordinate the aim of competitiveness with the aim of full employment ; that is what was mentioned in your programme .
To sum up , the Commission is able to support a large number of the amendments .
It should also be made accessible to all for the purposes of cultural research , training and <unk> , a principle that should of course be applied to all other <unk> of cultural heritage .
Mr <unk> &apos;s report seems to observe both those goals .
It is not simply a question of condemning this situation in some <unk> way , but of exercising all the European Union &apos;s powers to put an end to this terrible scandal for good .
I should like to say to Mrs de Sarnez and the Members of this House that wherever I go , in the Europe of Fifteen or in the new countries , and even outside Europe , everyone agrees that Erasmus Mundus is a magnificent initiative and everyone has high hopes of it .
The authorities are trying their level best to make life for the opposition as difficult as possible and they also have more than <unk> the election campaign period .
The reason is quite simple .
Pörtschach is concerned with the future of the Union , or so I have read .
Of course , there is also a general , <unk> strategy , the strategic plan for animal welfare , which was adopted recently by the Commission and will come before Parliament for debate .
I read in some reports about the elections in Bosnia that the extreme <unk> have won at the parliamentary elections held in Bosnia Herzegovina .
<unk> , if you will , what it is costing us to repair the damage to the environment !
<unk> women getting employed is one of the key elements since employment generates income and promote social participation .
While it is indeed the case that nothing concrete has been achieved , it has to be said that the lines of communication are not down , and that , under these circumstances , I regard as <unk> very important .
So that is what we think is important , before making any choice , ... Fourthly , partly thanks to my colleagues in the Committee on Social Affairs and Employment , I have observed a significant lack of compliance with the European Social Charter , the ILO treaties and so on by all the Member States .
Mr President , the Copenhagen European Council which is being held next week will have one major , important task : to conclude accession negotiations with ten candidate countries .
On several occasions before the elections I publicly highlighted the manipulation of the electoral registers and also asked the Turkish Government to ensure that this was rectified .
It is clear that accession negotiations would be held in the framework of an intergovernmental conference comprising 25 Member States on the one hand and Turkey on the other .
Madam President , Commissioner , Ombudsman , I am delighted , on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party , to take advantage of this historic moment to thank Mr Söderman for his work in promoting values we hold dear .
This is the area where , of course , we can act .
I would like to endorse Mr <unk> &apos; comment that the <unk> contained in this framework agreement on the transfer of documents are an <unk> , and no <unk> worth his salt can do other than regard them as such and <unk> them accordingly .
But I <unk> to add that we too must prepare for the entry of new Member States .
It allows for better and more effective intervention when products need to be withdrawn from the market .
I also want to prevent the occurrence of anything like what recently happened in Germany .
This is a proposal that I endorse , which is why I have signed it .
Mr Santer , it is your duty to <unk> this change in behaviour .
These boycott policies which have been going on now for 40 years have not led to the slightest advance in these matters , as mentioned by the European Union in its statement of 2 December .
The multidisciplinary group on organised crime has discussed the draft in depth and will probably adopt it at the Justice and Home Affairs Council on 3 and 4 December .
It would be something else altogether to give groups special rights which will not , of course , be granted to those who are not part of the existing groups , but the difference between the rights of a group and the rights of a Member must be made very clear .
However , this is clearly an issue that needs to be carefully prepared at the highest political level .
Nonetheless , we made an important contribution , which was recognised as such , by accepting 2013 as the date for the final elimination of all agricultural export subsidies .
We will look into that for you .
Finally , for the same reasons , special care must be taken to address methods which result in shareholders &apos; being <unk> out of their votes , as happens with arrangements which allow for the informal organisation of systems for the representation of shareholders by large anonymous groups .
In particular does the Commission have any information on <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , in prison since the <unk> massacre in Kosova in May 1999 ?
To those who would criticize the proposals for not establishing a set number of seats for each Member State , I would say that the argument seems a little out of date at this stage in the process of building Europe , insofar as the ability offered to citizens of the Union to put themselves up as candidates in a state other than their own has already diminished the value of that particular principle .
To this end I would emphasise the need to continue to support <unk> ‘ <unk> ’ schemes between the various peoples of the Union given the important role that these have in promoting civic identity and mutual understanding between the peoples of Europe .
The second observation I wish to make is that , as several speakers have already said , the WTO is an institution that does not live up to our expectations of a multilateral trade body .
I believe that the proposed directive represents a departure from the hitherto accepted model for European competition policy , which was about ensuring workable competition , and according to which regulatory interventions in a market or in individual market segments can be justified only if structural market conditions or attempts by participants in the market to restrict competition are interfering with economic efficiency .
A great deal has been done , including in terms of the measures to be taken .
And I want to close with one thought , Mr President : we increasingly need a genuine European foreign policy to back up all our policies , including our socio-economic policies , and including our fisheries policies .
We need to send out a clear signal that this is a turning point , and to do that it is absolutely essential to have everybody , including the oil companies , on board .
Still on the theme of assistance to those affected by the earthquake , the aim is to provide help as quickly as possible to those who need it .
But there are three areas which are giving us cause for concern .
Thank you , Mr Alyssandrakis .
<unk> of this lies in both the proposal the Commission is putting forward with regard to the entry of citizens from third countries and the other documents Parliament has recently received , for example , on the strategy adopted by the Council .
Furthermore , the consequences of decoupling aid run counter to those sections of the Act of Accession of Greece I quoted earlier .
One of the measures under consideration is a requirement for <unk> to gather and store traffic data and , upon request , supply it to the authorities .
We will make sure it corresponds with the correct articles in the draft treaty .
Fifthly , there is the question of copper .
This again will require cooperation , not <unk> .
This is a very old issue and it has certainly not yet been resolved yet , and I would like to take this opportunity to say once again to our future Member States that it is now up to them to demonstrate that these fears are unfounded , and to show that enlargement and deepening can perfectly well go hand in hand .
This motion for a resolution puts this obligation into practice and is , indeed , a further illustration of our citizens ’ real interests and concerns , namely the highest possible level of public health protection .
I have just returned from Geneva where , along with the Parliament delegation , I attended the <unk> meeting of the UN Human Rights Committee .
In no circumstances is it acceptable .
What is obviously needed is a wholly independent Commissioner for standards in public life .
The reflection group which carried out the preparatory work for the Intergovernmental Conference included it amongst the institutional reform issues on which the Intergovernmental Conference could and should intervene , without going any further .
Terrorism , as we all know , is a threat to liberty and democracy , and must be fought firmly and <unk> , with all the means available to us under the Rule of Law .
And I assure you that I will follow this matter very closely .
In several specific lines there have been problems of implementation , but overall we have had more effective implementation .
Nor did the <unk> manage it with their military <unk> and <unk> .
The issuing of an authorisation for a medicinal product for human or veterinary use does not , however , signal the end of checks on its efficacy and safety .
The Commission and Member States will explore how best to develop this initiative . &quot;
Instead of <unk> this myth , however , which in fact leads to a political impasse , it should be the responsibility of politicians to tell the truth .
Mr Costa Neves , setting priorities is the first building block for cooperation on the budget for any given year .
In this context , it will <unk> the European Aviation Safety Agency to carry out inspections of the competent national authorities .
The question that inevitably comes to mind is this : what has happened to the <unk> image of sport which is still being portrayed ?
Mr <unk> I would simply like to say that the Portuguese Presidency has , in these two short months , organised the first Development Council , admittedly an informal one , whose agenda was rightly dominated by <unk> relations .
It is clear that these <unk> methods and this <unk> production do not benefit consumers , who are entitled to expect more than poor quality food full of water and medicines , or producers , who can only watch as prices <unk> with the resulting risks of bankruptcy , or of course the animals who are the first victims .
In its proposal , the Commission has sought to reopen the debate on <unk> and the enrichment of rectified concentrated <unk> .
We demand a commitment on the part of the participating countries to respect and implement the European Charter of Fundamental Rights , and I hope that the Commission and the Council will work towards a good memorandum , with legally binding statutes that also secure democratic control over the sector .
We also think it is important for the Commission to raise in international fora , because I find it increasingly difficult to explain to European farmers what they are or are not allowed to do for this or that reason , while this does not apply to farmers outside Europe .
The Commission is working to preserve and consolidate a strong and prosperous Europe that is also just and inclusive .
Is he not concerned , therefore , that Plan Colombia intends to provide military aid to the Colombian Government , use military resources to <unk> crops , allegedly drugs crops , and that the European Union is expected to come in and <unk> up the problem with a social policy programme ?
Secondly , in the medium term , Lebanon needs financial aid , which needs to flow in on a larger scale .
On the pretext of creating a single operating framework and providing better port services , the private sector is being paid to take over a sector which is still being run as a public <unk> .
Ladies and gentlemen , that in a few words is what has been decided today .
It is a good thing that refugee problems are being solved worldwide and that refugees can be dispersed among several countries .
What is this compromise about ?
I will also allow myself to express pleasure at the fact that this recommendation is directed at people in the applicant countries of Central and Eastern Europe .
That is not to say that this budget line and this instrument are becoming irrelevant , because they cover the whole <unk> , not only the ACP countries .
This fight , which is one of the priorities of the French Presidency , was expressed at both the Justice and Home Affairs Council and the Ecofin Council , and recently in a combined meeting of these two Councils .
In November we will have the Geneva meeting with support from the WHO , FAO , OIE and the World Bank .
In addition , we shall be able to reduce public sector spending and to promote the use of new energy technologies .
<unk> sanctions in the event of aggravated violation of human rights remains a possibility .
The vote will be tomorrow at noon .
Generally speaking , however , the problems of how the European funds are used remain enormous .
The water initiative - trying to organise regional cooperation in all the major African river systems - will be a huge project .
We are therefore continuing to call for the notice to be withdrawn .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , this proposal was presented on 20 December 2001 in order to respond to the request of the European Council in Laeken .
It is clear that we cannot repeat a slaughter on such a huge scale .
We must move from preparatory action to adopting a legal basis that will ensure our prominence in this field .
Four years ago Brazil waived the patent rights on HIV drugs and allowed local companies to produce cheap versions .
On your third point , appropriate action will be taken because , again , this is not appropriate behaviour .
It is hard to believe that these unfortunate people are really endangering Iran &apos; s democracy .
The party with the second highest number of votes was the <unk> which was not invited to form a government .
.
Fifth , the European society statute , which must at last be removed from the midst of the decision-making network in order to further the constitution of large European groups , large industrial groups .
Ladies and gentlemen , you approved the Commission proposal at first reading with several amendments .
Iran &apos; s possible return to the <unk> of the international community has a price today .
.
However , some Member States , Italy for instance , interpret the directive very <unk> , only recognising , for the purposes of granting licences to <unk> engineering firms , degrees from universities and higher education establishments .
And I believe it is essential for the European Union enthusiastically to create an ambitious global relationship with Latin America so that the United States is not the only <unk> , since they do not ask too many questions about the degree of regional integration in Latin America .
I am also very pleased that individual producer liability has been specified again in the food legislation .
Before I finish , Mr President , I wish to take this opportunity to welcome the rapporteur , Mr Söderman , and congratulate him on his work on fighting maladministration and thereby also bringing European citizens closer to the life of the Community institutions .
The official statistics of the World Health Organisation clearly confirm that these limit values are needed .
That is also a very important issue .
Mr President , I want to use this debate as an opportunity to highlight the impact that small arms and light weapons are having on the human rights of so many people .
The report considers that a common monetary policy should be followed by increasingly close coordination of the Member States &apos; economic policies .
The EU should make the necessary institutional preparations at the earliest opportunity in readiness for a good number of new Member States , and present these countries at long last with a realistic accession strategy .
The European employment policy and the guidelines on employment for the year 2000 to be discussed at Helsinki as a part of that policy still belong at the top of the Union &apos; s agenda .
I am of the opposite view .
That is the usual length of an academic year They concern the extension of support for young farmers to subsidised loans , the requirement that forest management plans be a function of the size of the holding , the extension of support to <unk> <unk> enterprises for the processing and marketing of agricultural products ( in the forestry sector , however , the support will remain limited to <unk> ) , the inclusion of <unk> among eligible support for infrastructures , focussing predominantly on operations aimed at improving competitiveness , support for the cooperation between actors in the food chain and for the transfer of knowledge .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , two issues have become topical in 1996 : globalization and the European model of society .
Mr President , as my fellow Members have already pointed out , common objectives on poverty and social exclusion were agreed at the Lisbon , Stockholm and Nice Summits , as it was observed that poverty levels have remained the same since 1995 .
It certainly is not privatisation in the real sense .
The transportation of meat should be in carcass form and not <unk> the <unk> &apos; where animals can and do suffer very greatly .
This formula , which the Commission and the European Parliament have been advocating since the beginning of the year , has gradually been gaining support , even in those Member States that , just a few months ago , if we remember what happened at Gothenburg , showed great reluctance to accept it and even opposition .
Finally , I should like to say that the basic principle of economic development policy should be that the goals of economic growth and job creation are not designed to be achieved simultaneously .
The issue of training is already appropriately addressed in the Directive ; moreover , in the event of modifications , the reviews of the major accident prevention policy and the safety management system are important , not the notification .
On previous occasions , the <unk> rhetoric <unk> by the <unk> President could be <unk> off .
It also demands that <unk> should be extended to new areas , such as agricultural policy , tax issues and trade policy .
.
The proposed procedure reveals some significant legal shortcomings .
This legislation , if properly implemented , will undoubtedly help reduce the chance of such occurrences and will protect many workers from the <unk> of yet another <unk> risk .
If the Commission really believes that the future of European fisheries depends not on the simple modification of a regulation , but on the proposal of measures already contained in current regulations , if the Commission &apos; s great proposal and great discovery for the future CFP is to be multiannual TACs and the encouragement of aquaculture , perhaps the moment has come , Mr President , to ask in all seriousness for it to make room for other people who can bring in new ideas and the <unk> sense of responsibility .
My group will support the explicit salary that is referred to by the rapporteur and the majority of my group will support the European tax conclusion .
What is at issue is being able to cope successfully in everyday life , faced with a lack of jobs and problems using shops , post offices and banks , buses , trains and ’ planes .
But I will make a compromise with my dream because my land comes to me from the biblical promise and your land comes to you from a religious commitment and a national presence in the Holy Land of Israel .
We need to move in the opposite direction .
The report backs the European <unk> industry in its efforts to remove the real obstacles to cross-border consolidation .
Throughout the length and breadth of our planet , which is being shaken by totalitarian regimes and ideas , cultural and economic <unk> , famine and destitution , where wars and <unk> are being played out or even where conservative and <unk> social and economic policies are being promoted , women are the first to be called upon to pay the price and face the consequences .
The legal liability of industry in the event of an accident must be better defined and increased .
Thank you , Commissioner , for your contribution .
However , in common with most Members in the House , I hope that the eventual outcome of the IGC will see a shared competence in this area between Parliament and Council under the Community pillar and the <unk> of a separate Treaty provision dealing expressly with the rights of children .
Let us hope that next year there will be no need for an emergency resolution on attacks against lorries , goods or people from one European state in another European country .
During the debates of the coming months on the ratification of a European Constitution , who else should act as an advocate of this Constitution , and as a guardian of the broad consensus achieved in the European Convention and of the concept of European integration , if not the European institutions , and if not this House ?
Nor should we forget - and the Council unfortunately does so - that there is no between long term means for <unk> human suffering than <unk> , and so we must take action as soon as the situation in a country demands it of a preventive nature - diplomatic , economic , media , publicity , etc .
It is undoubtedly the result of work carried out by Commissioner Papoutsis throughout his term of office and which culminated in the Luxembourg summit and his failed Philoxenia programme .
The prerequisite for exchange-rate stability is that all the EU Member States should operate credible and sound financial , economic and monetary policies .
Furthermore , the fact that this Parliament sought a balance between those for and against allowing defensive manoeuvres , far from deserving the criticism <unk> upon it by certain <unk> sectors , should have their gratitude , because the European Parliament &apos; s position was not to allow any type of defensive <unk> as was suggested , with considerable bias , to the media .
In 2003 , the proceedings were cancelled .
So markets and competition are not at all <unk> matters and do not represent complete freedom of competition .
That is why special attention should be drawn to this to this particular population group in contacts with the Turkish regime .
Another proposal which would make it easier to achieve the Lisbon objectives is the convergence of the education systems of the 25 .
We are preparing for enlargement , we have a common foreign and security policy , and we collaborate on justice and home affairs .
It will make for an interesting outcome of the vote .
If we want to find a new international system of laws governing this worst form of crime , the Tribunal in The Hague must be able to function efficiently and in fact become that model .
Firstly , does Mrs Bonino agree or disagree with what her Director General said in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection about the consultative paper ?
As I think it would be wise for this House to <unk> with public debates on these immunity issues , I shall say nothing about the substance of this case , but will limit myself to stating that my group endorses the position taken by the rapporteur in her report .
It should have taken immediate effect .
We are continuing to make decisions .
Amendments Nos 70 and 75 on <unk> are acceptable in principle , but we will consider a more appropriate text .
We have also made significant progress in other areas , such as respect for the existing comitology rules .
In short , although this programme does not generate much enthusiasm , Commissioner - as I said at the beginning - I believe that it is important .
Unlike Mr Gill , I believe that the principle of publicising our work is very important .
If you want to understand the potential influence of total salary on changing prices , it is enough to consider the proportion of salary costs to the overall costs of any business , be it large or small .
In our opinion , relations between the European Union and ASEAN should not suffer because of the problems within Burma .
.
The proposals were originally produced to reduce the emissions from recreational craft .
Why is the Commission only proposing a White Paper again and not a Directive ?
Mr President , paragraph 5 , where it says &quot; to sign and ratify &quot; should read &quot; to ratify or accede to the Rome <unk> &quot; because at this stage it is no longer possible to sign the Statute .
That leaves the excuse of what some call the need for confidentiality , trust or even secrecy .
From here , it is only a very small step to state that certain workers cost too much .
I am not perhaps as much in favour as some of my fellow MEPs of Parliament ’ s approving all the directors in turn , for we should then be attaching too much importance to the agencies .
<unk> , the European Union has enjoyed a close relationship with the countries of the southern Mediterranean and the Middle East , built up through centuries of <unk> history , commerce and exchange .
I therefore ask you , ladies and gentlemen , to support the proposed amendments , which I must point out to you have been all accepted unanimously by the Parliamentary Committee on the Environment .
We have a shipping fleet which is completely outdated , environmentally <unk> and unsafe , the <unk> of which would bring lasting employment and progress in resource efficiency .
It calls on the Bank , for example , to back the denomination of energy supplies and commodities in euros .
The Independence and Democracy Group wants greater freedom for the Member States and less power centralised in Brussels .
This is the only way to guarantee a secure supply of energy resources across the European Union .
The framework programme plays an essential role , and this is where , in my view , European investment in research really comes into its own and brings major added value .
I should like to mention the main ones as I feel they <unk> the current state of our relationship with the United States .
There is no point in <unk> the debt if we then subsidise certain products in our own countries and thereby hinder the development of these same products in the developing countries .
I immediately expressed our deep <unk> to the Algerian people for the disaster that has struck <unk> , and our total solidarity for the human tragedy that the country is suffering .
In this place , we are showing how Europe &apos;s national identities and cultures , which we value so much and which we want to defend , arise and flourish from strong common roots .
I feel that the Commission document is more in tune with the limited opportunities open to consumer policy at European level .
More and more sectors which , traditionally , were the preserve of the public service are now subjected , rightly or wrongly , like it or not , to the constraints of the market economy .
I am not in favour of this Europe , Mr President .
What we must do is enhance Europe &apos;s renewable energy capacity .
Mr President , Commissioner Verheugen said this afternoon that there would be no social or environmental dumping as a result of enlargement .
Let us hope that it will enable us to sort out this difficult situation .
Of course I was in favour of that , but we are now at a turning point .
We endorse the plans of the Commission , which set out to achieve this for each target group and by mobilising the organised <unk> .
This is what the section beginning with paragraph 26 is about .
This is <unk> both in terms of a properly functioning internal market and of fair competition .
With regard to the Middle East peace process , the question Parliament has asked raises a fundamental issue .
We should be proud of the democracy that exists at the heart of this Union .
Ten years ago , we did not know what it was .
Who is to manage the Fund ?
The Commission will investigate to what extent the least developed countries are benefiting from the Regulation , whether the available tools are sufficient for tackling - where justified - more serious <unk> in Community markets and when it is a question of bringing the adjustment mechanisms into play , especially for rice , sugar and bananas .
<unk> pressure from all those concerned narrowly saved the European Commission &apos;s aid coordination office in <unk> , still <unk> by a <unk> staff , from being <unk> .
We are doing our best .
So the basic reasoning follows the line taken by the Commission .
We also dwell specifically on the importance of language teaching .
As for the way new cases are dealt with , our work is focusing particularly on the recently liberalised markets , which were mentioned particularly by <unk> <unk> , Evans and others , such as energy , air transport , telecommunications and postal services , in an attempt to prevent the former monopoly holders from abusing the positions of strength that they traditionally enjoyed .
As a final example of that radio station ’ s <unk> attitude , one of its so-called ‘ journalists ’ passed himself off as President <unk> in order to secure a fraudulent interview with the <unk> of Bolivia , <unk> <unk> .
The European fleet has a genuine interest in the possibility of having seafarers from third countries come to the EU .
Our interests and those of the countries and the people of Europe , of our jobs and of our economies must take precedence over <unk> adherence to the dogma of free trade carried to <unk> .
Despite much <unk> at Mr Duisenberg &apos;s suggestion , the bad taste in the mouth caused by the weekend of 2 and 3 May has not yet entirely disappeared .
As we have come to expect from Mrs Hoff , she has drafted a very balanced and expert report on Kaliningrad .
Mr Vice-President , it is my earnest hope that the conversations you are to have with the members of the Delegation for relations with the countries of the Maghreb and with other colleagues will serve to strengthen existing links between European Union countries and the Kingdom of Morocco .
In particular , Parliament can count itself very fortunate that the Council has accepted its demand that the definition of self-handling should cover only the deployment of the shipping companies ’ own seamen and not of its land-based staff as well .
One , it must be based in law .
This is because diesel vehicles are replaced far less frequently than their petrol counterparts and their fuel consumption is relatively low .
a new and higher standard through <unk> <unk> material injury &apos; for <unk> injury &apos; in the area of goods , resulting in uncertainty due to the new definition , as well as the potential weakening of our negotiating position on this point at the Doha follow-up negotiations , and discrimination in favour of the service sector to the detriment of the manufacturing sector ( Amendments Nos 9 , 25 , 26 , 38 ) ; In our perception at least , the no vote by the Greek Cypriot community in the referendum neither rejects the solution for the reunification of Cyprus nor , if you like , the plan of the Secretary General of the United Nations itself .
Not just the Palestinians , but the Israelis too , want us to reconstruct infrastructures and institutions which have already been paid for by the international community and destroyed by the Israeli defence forces .
In our view , it is right not to make the innocent pay for the guilty .
We are talking about getting its citizens to create it .
I must simply say that there is no uniform structure for assisting the rural area , and no attempt is made to find a solution to the problems of European regions which share borders with the applicant countries .
Madam President , it was very useful to hear that statement from the Commissioner .
A body wholly independent of the EU institutions , the European Court of Justice , should be given the authority to monitor adherence to and respect for the principle of subsidiarity , in order to ensure that more powers are not transferred to European level .
This term was not an <unk> of the Commission but came from the women &apos;s movement itself .
If we are serious about beginning a social dialogue and perhaps , in time , creating proper European agreements , we must recognise that it is the two sides of industry themselves which must negotiate and that the legislators must stay outside the process .
This is the Council and Commission statements on the <unk> for the <unk> Meeting of Heads of State or Government in <unk> and also , in accordance with the House ’ s decision , relations between the European Union and Russia following the murder of <unk> <unk> .
We have also sent a strong message to the 15 million Muslims who already live inside the European Union that this is not an exclusive Christian club .
We can discuss this with each other for a long time , but in the meantime the closure of Chernobyl would be <unk> .
We need a humane asylum policy based on respect and human dignity .
They do not have to pay the levy at all .
The budget for 1997 includes a <unk> that requires that Parliament be consulted in advance about individual Community loans .
Moldova ’ s territorial integrity has been breached : contrary to the wishes of the democratically elected government , foreign troops – the Russian army – are <unk> there .
Mr President , from this platform I have repeatedly stressed that if there is one country among the European Union &apos;s 15 Member States which would be delighted if Turkey joined the Union , that country is Greece .
This provision ensures that proper account is taken of the interests of licence applicants , especially their interest in a swift handling of their demands .
On the basis of this compromise , I should like to make the following statement : Because since we agree about the general principles , progress ought to be made .
The object of this directive is to ensure that in future vehicles that have reached the end of their life can only be <unk> on production of a certificate of destruction , which may sound very good at first , but which is in my view rather difficult to achieve , in some Member States at least .
Ultimately , here , we are somewhat removed from the disaster .
Commissioner Reding is absolutely right that our own national governments should be encouraged to support the initiative of the rapporteur , supported by the Commission , that when it comes to programmes and projects affecting education , they might consider a certain generosity of spirit and indeed financial generosity towards the programmes that we are commonly working to support .
So we are faced with a number of illusions here .
During the EU accession process , the Slovak Republic did its utmost to ensure the continued operation of its <unk> nuclear power plants , while improving their safety levels to meet European standards in order to protect people in Slovakia and across all the countries of the Union , in particular our neighbours .
It is therefore very important that we provide for rules relating to the monitoring of the training of crews and a very high level of training that is harmonised at European level .
I believe it would be a good thing for the planned Council to be the occasion for some clarification , so as to give the required assurances and to guarantee that the objective of safety is achieved , an objective we share with the rapporteur .
Your reply , the reply of the Commission , not you personally , because I know that you are not responsible for the issue , you are merely so kind as to represent the Commission here , does not , I must say , satisfy Parliament .
At the end of April , we met the representatives of most of these movements in Tel Aviv .
Leaving aside all the procedures and the details , I wish to make one thing clear : let us as human beings never think that we can overcome disease , <unk> and death through our knowledge of organisms .
I want to thank Mr Maat .
What <unk> you make to your office , the multinational nature or <unk> or otherwise of your staff , the gender balance , all these will assume an importance quite disproportionate to their actual significance .
– Mr President , the initiative by the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance proposing amendments on the question of the name of the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and calling for the country to be recognised by the European Union with its constitutional name force me to take a stand from the outset on this issue alone .
1 .
Our aim should therefore be to ensure that organic feeds are in fact used exclusively , with a suitable transition period .
I have sought in vain at European level for an <unk> study that could give us an idea of the scale of the sector and the problems within it , the regulations - however incomplete they may be - in the European countries , the pilot projects , and any experiments that may have been instigated by the left or right , but I have to say that there was nothing to be found in the Commission .
The Commission and the Andersson report are not proposing a social policy ; they are giving Brussels <unk> decision-making powers as regards funding , i. e. as regards the organisation and the provision of social protection services in the countries of Europe , which is why we voted against this text .
I appreciate the full reply that we have received tonight from the Commissioner .
It is not good enough that rulings about broadcasting should be based exclusively on exceptions to competition rules and internal market policy .
( Parliament adopted the resolution ) I have of course looked with great interest at the draft report which the Committee on the Environment adopted .
Do we want to keep the European farming model or apply with <unk> rigour the notion of pure European breeds ?
<unk> is increasingly attributable not only to natural persons but to bodies , to undertakings .
This , Mr President , brings us to the question of the social dialogue in Europe , and my final question once again is this : when can we expect to see a real change in the Commission &apos;s attitude ?
I bear witness , in this regard , to the effectiveness of the action that has been carried out for weeks in the Democratic Republic of Congo by the European force that was deployed there to support the UN ’ s action .
Some countries have already entered an <unk> phase , but there are growing signs of a rise in interest rates in order to maintain monetary stability .
This is <unk> territory at the moment .
However , people can lose their cards in countries other than the 15 EU Member States , and Internet selling is also not limited to EU countries .
With regard to <unk> <unk> , if , for example , there are two or three different pesticides , but they are all below the <unk> , the combination should say that they should not be on the market .
Mr President , it is still persistently <unk> that the proposal we are debating today would affect mainly small and medium-sized enterprises , and in a negative way at that , but it is mainly SMEs that stand to gain from greater legal certainty and a uniform application of the legal rules on the internal market .
Personally speaking , I have no interest in the legal problems these large shareholders may have , and I will vote against this report .
I would call on the Council and both sides of industry finally to resolve this matter .
That was what <unk> <unk> , as leader of the EU delegation of election observers , also demonstrated <unk> .
We have to state again that there is still no confirmation that depleted uranium was used in the conflict and no depleted uranium has been detected in the <unk> of Kosovo .
This is particularly true for the new Member States .
I would even venture to say that it should be resolved at any cost .
This is an objective which we can support .
Would it not be <unk> to have powers to cut that short and make it even <unk> ?
There are completely different ways of channelling funds to terrorists .
It is acknowledged that positive action is crucial if the balanced representation of women and men is to be achieved .
We explicitly address corruption ; we establish a framework for dealing with the problem of immigration for the first time ever .
In reality , the technical questions raised by Mr Cunha , relating to non-food use , the decoupling of production aid , product quality , ceilings on aid and safety , and so on , mask a real choice between two models , American or European , as Mr des <unk> , Mrs <unk> and many others have said .
However , if , after ten years , this directive needs a <unk> &apos; in order to adapt to the evolution of the markets , to the increasingly sophisticated financial products available , I remain concerned about the fate of the older funds , which do not meet the new demands .
Unfortunately , the Council and the Commission &apos; s standpoint still <unk> back to the first half of the twentieth century , a time when cities , traffic and the economy were on a much smaller scale and growth was still welcome .
On the basis of a resolution passed on 11 February 1999 by the European Parliament , the Commission , on 25 May 1999 , delivered a communication to the Council , which formulated three possible ways of improving this financial instrument .
Third , they must be flexible in their implementation to take account of rapidly changing markets and technologies .
The same should also apply to homosexuals .
Without any comparative study and without any democratic European debate on the future of nuclear waste , this decision would give the <unk> site its one-way ticket for burying European nuclear waste and would turn it into the nuclear <unk> of Europe .
It should be clear that the parliamentary dimension should be introduced .
Scientific research is not seen as something free from value judgements , as is clear from the fact that human cloning has been excluded from the framework programme .
Mr President , I thought we were allowed two supplementary questions ?
Our promise on the CAP should not be in any way <unk> on until 2013 , as we said in Berlin .
That is very kind of you .
Mr President , Commissioner Bolkestein , ladies and gentlemen , the <unk> collapse and other worrying financial crises before and after it have revealed the limitations of the rules governing our financial markets .
The first of these <unk> trade in and use of sweeteners not <unk> with the revised Community legislation until stocks are exhausted , while the second <unk> the Commission ’ s power to decide whether or not a substance is a <unk> until such time as the framework legislation is revised .
Parliament supported the Commission , but the result has only been EUR 7 billion .
I am also grateful that this debate has happened at all , because it looks to me that both the Prime Minister ’ s speech and the speeches of a number of our fellow Members , including group chairmen , managed to lay <unk> the main areas of concern that we face .
Mrs Frassoni would like to do so .
I think that this principle , proposed by the Commission , should be maintained .
It is said that some of these people receive funds from Iran and other <unk> centres in the Middle East and that there are people in Europe who are supporting them .
While we are debating here today the issue of the rebate which the European Union gives the British Government on an annual basis , this matter should now be put into its overall context .
That , of course , is how television is financed , but this <unk> <unk> the advertising market to the cost of the printed press , creating dreadful problems for the latter .
This is in our common interest , given the fact that Bologna signatory states and EU Member States are the same countries .
I repeat , that is what health safety is all about .
This will focus on eliminating red tape which <unk> the day-to-day activities of the 19 million small and medium-sized companies in Europe .
Children are our future and make up around one fifth of the population of the EU .
Madam President , we are going to object to that .
We are engaged in high-level political dialogue in each of the states in region .
That is why , in the Committee on Agriculture , we adopted a procedure that made it possible to respect both the timetable set for us by the Council presidency , which is keen to move this issue forward , and the right of expression and of amendment of the members of the Committee on Agriculture .
I refer to the fact that the 2001 Guarantee Fund is not large enough to meet all the commitments made .
It also provides for the recognition of emission reduction certificates .
But although the Commission has a right to attend all working structures in the Council , it does not have an obligation to do so .
This should be a free decision for the competent authority to take and not compulsory .
Thank you very much , Commissioner Fischler .
Since the necessary conditions have been fulfilled , the euro is clearly strengthened and made more credible by being adopted from the start by most of the countries of Europe , both north and south .
My group , the Group for a Europe of Democracies and Diversities , cannot offer the Commission political support but , instead , <unk> , critical and constructive opposition .
.
I wish , however , to make a few comments on two issues that I consider to be extremely important and on which I tabled proposals for amendments in the Committee on Industry .
As a result I am able also to vote for Amendments Nos 4 and 12 .
However , it has been possible to incorporate these three oral amendments and thus subsequently amend the measure with the consent of the Committee on Budgets , if Parliament will accept this .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to make particular reference to the motion for a resolution tabled by the Group of the European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party on a matter which concerns us : the possible extension of the death penalty in El Salvador .
Secondly , the usage rate of Internet connections amongst us in Europe is low .
This directive would have had no effect on the acquis communautaire of employment rights in the EU , or in the national Member States .
A consumer who wants <unk> products does not want less than <unk> % or 0.5 % GMOs in them .
But it is correct that Parliament should have the right to suggest legislation for problems that the Commission has missed and where a Europe-wide approach is the best solution .
In the few minutes available to me , I would like to say that the experience I have <unk> in the field of TENs has led me to draw two conclusions .
Also , I am surprised to see that the reports which were scheduled for yesterday &apos;s voting time have now been put back , with priority being given to four of them , and with no qualified majority requirement to justify this <unk> .
Madam President , may I begin by saying that I shall not speak about the proposal itself , other than to emphasise that the Commission regards this as one of the most important steps to be undertaken under the common fisheries policy .
I would now like to look at what is , in my opinion , a serious political issue .
He suggested that rather than giving <unk> the names of men or women , we should name them after the perpetrators of the greenhouse effect - he proposed the oil companies at the time .
Mr President , one of the Commissioner ’ s officials spoke to the Environment Committee recently .
I would also like to comment on what has been said about the international perspective , for this is incredibly important .
For this , an employment committee which has the same status as the monetary committee is required .
This is all the more regrettable because we know that some of these projects , such as Health , <unk> and Security , could bring enormous benefits to our citizens .
Mr President , the <unk> of words , not to say hot air , about the main guidelines can no longer obscure the fact that the Lisbon process has <unk> and that the European Union has no economic policy .
With any luck the timing will be good and Mr Patten will be able to raise certain questions with the Russian President .
I am asking you this because the Rules say that the chairman of the committee , or the rapporteur , may speak .
Many EU Member States will send observers and the <unk> findings will be a very important reference point for the EU .
I hope that they will be capable and that they will prove it by completing preparations for European integration .
This will be a contribution to the Intergovernmental Conference , and we shall see what should be done to change the form of the document as necessity dictates .
I cannot resist the temptation to point out to Mrs Jackson that she reminds me of my promise to the Committee on the Environment not to propose new directives all the time , but rather to concentrate on implementation .
It is about subsidiarity , the <unk> of which we all accept .
Mr President , it is important that the Council of Europe is drawing up a convention on the protection of human rights and human dignity in the application of biotechnology .
Mr Barroso has outlined an ambitious programme of work for the Commission .
The various speakers have also thanked the Commission .
However , if you study the subject in detail , you will see that it is not a fact that <unk> from genetically modified plants is always an environmental disaster .
The first grounds for saying that is the incredible arrangement over the mad cow crisis , which may <unk> John Major but certainly cannot be described as a serious agreement and one to <unk> the image of a choice designed to export the problem out of the European Union , which instead is what it suggests .
I know that it is a rather artificial exercise to establish such a dividing line , but I have to draw it somewhere .
With regard to Mrs Oomen-Ruijten &apos;s question , on Amendment No 20 , which asks for Member States to take due account of products registered in other Member States , our position is that the common position goes beyond that amendment because it submits these products to mutual recognition .
Before anything else , I would like to outline some of the main aims of the Presidency before the meeting takes place .
I have one final comment on the report by Mr <unk> .
On 9 November we also <unk> the international day against fascism and anti-Semitism in memory of that night which marked the beginning of the institutionalised persecution of a people on the grounds of race .
.
I resolved to change that , and I am pleased to be able to tell you that last year saw a political breakthrough for European SME policy .
Parliament &apos;s important amendments were rejected without any political explanation .
The Council feels that it is only on the basis of this kind of information that an accurate assessment of the Commission &apos; s proposals can be made .
Thank you , Commissioner .
Mr President , this proposed amendment works perfectly well as an addition , and can therefore be voted on as an addition .
Furthermore , we are extremely sceptical as regards the option of referring reports back to committee , of letting the committees make the decisions in the cases stipulated by the Corbett report .
<unk> safety is regulated by a guideline from 1988 , in which it is stipulated that the Commission shall ensure by 1989 that the appropriate technical standards shall be <unk> to guarantee this safety .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we are not in <unk> , we are engaged in a democratic and determined fight against terror .
However , Mrs Gradin is going to <unk> stand in .
The Council accepted a good deal of the report at first reading .
Mr President , Commissioner , besides the subjects that have been amply discussed , I believe we should take a closer look at two , perhaps three , of the other points that <unk> Florenz has raised .
The European Parliament has been asked by Council for its opinion on this agreement , in a simple consultation .
... and that does not justify your claim that those empty and distant decisions , or those targets , whether applied or not , amount to an <unk> abdication of the sovereignty of the nations of Europe .
This is now leading to <unk> on our part of having to compete with Korea in a process that started before the Asian crisis became more pressing .
Other initiatives are in fact needed , such as the introduction of new fuels , with the use of innovative transport systems .
Italy is the only country not to have implemented the European arrest warrant .
We want closer cooperation in Europe .
<unk> fraction of Roma live amongst particularly marginalised conditions , often in large families with many children .
It should also be noted that the Council wishes to lift the existing moratorium , an action with which we disagree , as was stated during the vote on the previous report .
The mechanism which has currently been implemented is based on a fundamental idea : urgency .
Moreover , we would stress that , although the proposal is certainly a firm step in the right direction , in our opinion , there are certain gaps which will require us , or rather the Commission , to work on eliminating all the remaining barriers of an administrative , legal , linguistic and cultural , but also financial nature .
As a representative of Poland , I fully agree with you on this .
I have a lot of sympathy for this amendment and signal to the Council a strong wish to have it considered in their common position .
When we see the way in which money is being used and diverted to finance other measures , we have good cause to wonder if we shall still have the resources to implement a European agricultural policy after enlargement , and moreover to ensure rural development .
It was already said two weeks ago that we cannot accept the outcome of the elections as the outcome of a free and democratic process .
During the era of apartheid in South Africa , it was again those who spoke for the oppressed who demanded that the rest of the world should put economic pressure on the regime , but business in the West fought against this .
We fear that behind the politically correct concept of sustainable development <unk> the concept of continuous development .
I shall bring your comments to the attention of the Bureau , Mr Teverson .
<unk> Waddington also touches on this point in her report , when she says that the cost neutrality referred to in the White Paper must on no account be allowed to set a trend , because the <unk> and <unk> programmes are already <unk> , and that additional financial resources should <unk> be made available .
I welcome this because I feel that we can learn from both Davos and Porto Alegre , although proposals have been made in both places that cannot be taken very seriously .
Coming as I do from a small island state similar to Malta , I can testify to the EU &apos;s commitment to the development of small and underdeveloped peripheral regions .
This has happened precisely because he represents his people and is not a puppet .
When , as in the discussion with the United States , I point out that well over half of transactions with Russia and other countries are now carried out in euros - for the euro is a driving force , it can only go on to be used in sectors currently outside its scope such as energy or other sectors because we are being carried that way by the momentum - then Europe is heeded , then Europe is a genuine political entity and not only an economic entity , even though we are talking about purely economic matters .
We hope that this means that both the Regulation and the directive can be adopted by the Council in June , so that there will be a legal framework conducive to those European <unk> Societies that want to extend their activities across frontiers , with , at the same time , their employees being guaranteed appropriate protection of their interests .
Mr President , Mr Duisenberg , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the debate that we are holding today has the virtue of enabling both a discussion on the <unk> aspects of the euro and the practical aspects of the euro and I believe that this is the right time to hold it .
On the one hand , the great world powers - USA and <unk> - were at diplomatic breaking point , and on the other hand , there was a progressive deterioration in relations between the Atlantic Alliance and some Islamic countries , Libya in particular , while in Italy , the far left in particular , was continually calling into question Italy &apos; s participation in NATO .
The development of businesses and the existence of a dynamic private sector are basic factors in economic development and are the main source of employment in developing countries , especially if account is taken of the unofficial sector of the economy .
It is that conviction which will inform the UK Presidency .
I welcome this freedom and the greater liberalization which this expresses .
– Mr President , the interest which you are showing in the workers and in whether or not China is honouring its important obligations towards the WTO is both hypocritical and <unk> .
It has now transpired that Indonesia , Vietnam and possibly China , have probably waited many months before informing the OIE .
As I am only speaking on behalf of Mrs <unk> Oomen-Ruijten , I shall take the liberty of using her words as regards the remaining amendments , which my group will not be supporting .
Mr President , in the small amount of time allotted to me , I would like to welcome the Mrs Lienemann &apos; s report and remind the House of three principles , to which all other principles must be subordinate , which are clearly expressed in the rapporteur &apos; s amendments : water is not a commercial product , but the property of all the peoples of the Union ; the ultimate objective is to eliminate all pollutants in surface water and groundwater , and to inform the public so that it can participate in the <unk> of water and not use water excessively given that it is such a precious commodity .
In fact , the leading role played by the United States is not as <unk> as some might think .
As you all know , the European Union is Bangladesh &apos; s main trading partner .
I will start by quoting and commenting on a number of political statements .
In some cases , these are particularly vulnerable areas .
If I do not respond , it is not because she has failed to <unk> my <unk> - she did that a very long time ago - but simply because of the shortage of time .
<unk> borrowing and <unk> short-term investments by the Western banks , combined with irresponsible borrowing by the local banks and companies in South-East Asia , gave the first push which set the whole process in motion .
The proven lies concerning the reasons for armed intervention in Iraq and the new boost given to terrorism extending also into Europe drive us to take initiatives much bolder than those <unk> by what the Council and the Commission have told us today .
As was also made clear in the report , it is generally agreed that what is needed most at present is closer cooperation between the Member States &apos; authorities responsible for combating money laundering .
The only short-term solution is a courageous policy which presents those involved with a choice .
I come to two points here .
Let us say , clearly and <unk> , that it <unk> n &apos;t do .
These are problems whose importance cannot be too highly estimated , namely the TACIS regulation concerning the States of the former Soviet Union and Mongolia .
The Commission &apos;s administrative services are <unk> .
The debate is closed .
However , I also want to place on record our support for the trade and aid regulations for northern Cyprus , rather that the wording of Amendment 1 , together with our <unk> opposition to military spending falling under the Community budget .
I would therefore like to congratulate the rapporteur on the work he has done .
The programme ‘ Citizens for Europe ’ is intended to promote active European citizenship and to reduce dissatisfaction and <unk> .
It is for these reasons that we ask in our amendment that light commercial vehicles be included for monitoring purposes and request that Directive 70 / 156 be amended .
Thousands upon thousands of human lives are in danger at the moment , and only international solidarity can save them .
Mrs <unk> has done a <unk> good job in addressing this issue , with the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , to look at ways in which compromises can be found .
Media pluralism concerns the broadcasting of information , television and the Internet as well as audiovisual creation .
To my understanding this meant that we will see what the donors can give before we decide what the needs are .
That obviously has to change .
The Balkans and other regions need planning security .
It is located in Lisbon .
The group &apos;s work might eventually make it possible to draw up a comprehensive strategy and key investment projects that should be supported by the international community and , together with a number of donor countries , the Commission is currently negotiating an agreement with the Russians .
I support it completely .
The <unk> of Netherlands Industry and Employers , the <unk> , wants to reintroduce flexibility .
We accept the changes of activity from one political area to another , because we believe that the new Commission and the new Commissioners require certain changes to the organisation of the Commission ’ s services , because each Commissioner will have a very different portfolio to their predecessor and because it is necessary to make these small adjustments to the organisational structure .
All 25 governments and the Commission have indicated that they will accept all the amendments Parliament has passed .
Even though I approve of the general guidelines of INTERREG III , I feel it is extremely important to ensure better coordination between this programme , financed by the ERDF , and the other external cooperation funds , including in particular the European Development Fund , intended for ACP countries .
This would of course require fully transparent regulations to ensure there would be no negative repercussions .
As explained by my colleague who has just addressed this House , the <unk> social classes would be unable to honour their commitments unless their incomes were supplemented through overtime and other allowances .
We are also in favour of <unk> , however .
The first would be to exaggerate our differences , while the second would be to consider them negligible .
That signifies that this <unk> has been specially selected by that <unk> or <unk> for its customers .
Thursday : In any case , by radically changing the course of the Lisbon Strategy and enhancing this strategy by employing a more compelling and precise Community method , the Union will once again be able to <unk> on past successes .
The OSCE must ensure that the conditions for holding elections are satisfied and fix the date .
We do not agree with this ; we want a Turkey which can of course be Muslim and will be , but it must be democratic and <unk> , at least towards its partners in the European Union .
The services have noted the discrepancy and I can confirm that the English version is correct .
I shall take this opportunity to reply to some of the speakers on the question of <unk> on board aircraft .
Already , the first Italian and additional French troops have been deployed .
The ?
U also supported a resolution on the human rights situation in Cuba which was passed within the framework of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights .
If that is the case , the Commission should be concerned about animals whose breeding was partially funded by the EU .
I also hope that more relevant future actions will be undertaken which will allow us not only to avoid social deprivation becoming the territory of a few fundamentalist movements , but also to make it easier for <unk> Muslims and all those who practise Islam privately to become a full part of society .
It seeks to present <unk> allegations as fact .
Let me also emphasise to the budgetary authority that giving the Agency additional tasks must , <unk> , be accompanied by a corresponding increase in its financial resources .
The fact that there has been such a time lapse between the legislative process and the original date when the proposals were submitted , is not down to today &apos; s rapporteur , Mr Whitehead , nor to the rapporteur at the time , Mr Bowis .
That would be a matter for consensus among the Member States in the Council and in other forums .
The ten new Member States represent a large resource in terms of the quality of policies , a significant step forward in the history of Europe .
I understood that Mrs Veil has finished her work and that her report says that employees &apos; rights should be guaranteed in all situations .
The Socialist Group in the European Parliament , which I am representing , also lent its support to this compromise , which involves extending quotas for a further two years , or in other words until 2009 , and sharing out the <unk> quotas between Member States on the basis of the <unk> quotas .
At a time when the UN will be addressing the question of the future status of Kosovo and developments in Ukraine , Belarus or Moldova , the EU will have an opportunity to contribute to the security of the entire continent of Europe .
Now that democracy has returned to Belgrade and Milosevic has been <unk> , we must make every effort to prevent new crisis points appearing elsewhere in the region and <unk> Solana will therefore enjoy the presidency &apos; s full support in all his efforts .
We Christian Democrats naturally welcome and support the Commission &apos;s Green Paper , because it is both right and necessary that the European Union should promote an exchange of experiences between cities and <unk> on ways of improving <unk> public transport , in particular , and should support model projects to increase the intermodality of transport movements .
The reasons for the higher proportion of women <unk> lie in the marked improvement in the vocational training of women , and another factor nowadays , of course , is that on completion of their vocational training many women have no prospect of finding a job or have to work under the constant threat of unemployment .
We expect genuine action and investigation .
We unreservedly condemn the support given by France to the Algerian regime .
I also think we should set up a mediation committee for agriculture .
I have no opposition to Mr Liikanen <unk> , but I must say one thing : that this is not just an issue between Mr Liikanen , you and myself , but that there are other Members whose questions are in the order , who wish to ask their questions and we have very little time .
We are genuinely concerned that too many of them will be forcibly <unk> .
At the end of the day , this is our only hope : the only hope for Europe to work in a coordinated fashion in the direction embarked upon last year of <unk> the economic and social vision with new guidelines which fall within this framework of integration .
Even the world ’ s largest <unk> has duties as well as rights .
But it is just the first step .
A redistribution of the load , however , means that <unk> will have to be made to the institutional and financial structure .
Women tend to live longer than men ; so a majority of pensioners are women : some 60 % of people over 65 and nearly two thirds of people over 75 .
Of these , the two sides of industry are perhaps the most important of all .
We therefore feel that certain categories of GMOs that constitute particularly serious risks to the environment or health should be destroyed , not released .
If you read the communication , we have recognized Parliament &apos;s view that this is a concept which is going to change .
Following Mr Titley &apos;s observation , I would simply say that this is a most important question .
Finland , as the country holding the Presidency , is endeavouring to enhance the implementation of the European Strategy .
These institutional <unk> are not meant to reassure the citizens , who cannot make sense of it .
This is an error and my vote should be recorded as being in favour .
There is enormous resistance to setting the inflation rate at the target of 2 % and there is clear concern about the current economic situation .
We have already heard how , in the sphere of satellite <unk> the European satellite navigation system Galileo , which is currently under construction , will , from 2008 onwards , provide information of superior quality to that provided by the present-day GPS and will be <unk> suited to <unk> services in road traffic .
Now for your proposed amendments to the chapter on controls .
Something has to be done about this and the last elections were a warning signal .
There are those of us who have felt ever since we have arrived in the European Parliament that there is a lot of rhetoric in this place about free trade , but that there is also a great deal of protectionism with Member States here in Europe .
Such cooperation will fulfil the need to create an area of peace and prosperity in Europe and to avoid friction and conflict between the various parties .
Syria arms the Hizbollah militias in their war - which it firmly controls - against Israel .
We are constantly wasting time in <unk> discussion and , in particular , with all these votes , resolutions , motions , urgent debates and so on and so forth which , when all is said and done , do not produce any tangible results and undermine the genuine legislative activity which should be the principle activity of a Parliament which is not an advisory body but an organ which adopts resolutions .
Instead , and <unk> , thousands of Russian army soldiers took part in the vote , together with an armed <unk> of the <unk> leader <unk> .
The Presidency therefore considers it a priority that joint investigation teams be set up rapidly , that Europol &apos; s work be made more effective and that action be taken to prevent the funding of terrorists and of those who shelter or support them .
<unk> experience of lower contribution payments to non-governmental organisations , as well as within the Peace initiative , has proved successful .
However , there remains much work ahead of us .
Secondly , I should like to say to everyone - and to the port workers protesting today - that , in my personal opinion , they stand to benefit from the liberalisation of port services in the medium to long term , because it will create new jobs .
Mr Watson referred to the previous President Bush and the fact that to some extent the most recent President Bush maybe hopes to resolve some of his father &apos;s failures .
We must nevertheless spend more time reflecting together , with a view to reaching common ideas to improve the thinking behind the youth programmes .
Public access to documents is an important democratic issue , which is central to citizens &apos; confidence in the entire EU project .
However , as I said earlier , we have other tools besides action in the Commission on Human Rights alone and we try to find the most appropriate and most effective tool for each situation .
That is very kind of you .
What was mistaken about it was not only its failure to take the future new Member States into account , but also the fact that it completely <unk> future Parliaments .
I think it is aimed first and foremost at us , at the European Parliament .
I am referring to cluster munitions , extremely deadly mines whose devastating effect is many times greater than that of <unk> mines .
Especially on the issue of the structural funds , from which we have to pay the money sooner or later , we are in danger of accumulating a mountain of unpaid budget items which will create major problems in the years to come , especially if these payments have to be made at the same time as we have major costs in connection with enlargement .
.
These are the things we must do in this House , and I hope we shall all work together to achieve them .
Mr President , never has there been more need for a stronger Europe to address the issues of citizens &apos; security and freedom , to implement that area of freedom , security and justice that the Treaty of Amsterdam promised us and the Tampere European Council planned to create .
The Partnership , launched in Barcelona in 1995 , was created with 12 countries .
Mr President , Commissioners , every <unk> agrees that , if we are to have a real single market , we need to remove all the remaining obstacles , which is why the initiative for this proposal for a Commission regulation is welcome , but the text of it is not , at least not in its entirety .
This Parliament must champion the demand for a universal moratorium , if this is not approved now .
Allow me to take this opportunity to explain once again the change in strategy towards Turkey , and I certainly do not take what Mr <unk> said as a <unk> .
We shall proceed to the vote on the whole of the motion for a resolution thus modified .
Yes , of course , I fully share your point of view .
Mr President , the new report brings the positions of the Commission and Parliament closer to each other and I welcome the efforts made by Mr Katiforis in that respect .
In any case , we can only take preventive or even deterrent action in this fight - without which the whole thing is pointless - if we really do play the game <unk> against the Member States and the Council .
In addition , it has already been noted by other speakers that we are ageing and that the number of young people is decreasing .
And naturally the European Parliament must play its historical role as a driving force , in this case as the driving force for the European Constitution .
We have to consider that Azerbaijan has 7.5 million people .
We should keep to the principles .
In a way , <unk> is the best means of promoting the unity of Europe ; it is the best means of promoting mutual understanding .
We therefore voted against this report .
The allowances are intended for different purposes in the three cases .
Further , it takes advantage of the opportunity to place financial aid to Turkey in the <unk> &apos; heading .
Commissioner Mandelson calls the bilateral agreements ‘ stepping stones ’ to better global trade .
Finally , we should be acutely aware of the fact that the citizens keep a watchful eye over the system .
The EU strategy for sustainable development provides a comprehensive framework within which the Lisbon Strategy , with its new focus on growth and jobs , can act as the engine of a dynamic economy .
For the first time , a majority of the Members of this House said very clearly that discharge could not be granted to the Commission in respect of the 1996 financial year .
But you never speak of restraining the income of shareholders that is <unk> higher from the outset and which increases <unk> every year .
The humanitarian aid committed to Kosovo and the neighbouring countries <unk> EUR <unk> million , with the bulk going towards providing essential foods and other goods such as medicines , sanitation equipment and accommodation .
Mr President , Commissioner , Poland , the country for which I am rapporteur , is the largest and most important of the countries which are preparing to enter the European Union , but it is also , as we know , the most problematic , so much so that there have been rumours that it might be excluded from the first group , the group of countries which are to join the Union first .
The policy on disabled people is now starting to be geared towards integration and equality of opportunity , in other words mainstreaming .
I would like to recall that the Treaty requires Member States to cooperate with the Commission to ensure that funds are used in accordance with principles of sound financial management and to take the same measures to counter fraud against the Community budget as are taken to protect national financial interests .
That is vital if we are to pass on the message to our citizens that Europe and the European Parliament are fighting to prevent all forms of violence against women .
In fact we shall have to take into account this doubling of the number of cities involved when we come to evaluate any proposal for a programme to carry on from Culture 2000 with effect from 2007 onwards .
The European Parliament has played an important role in all stages of the procedure , protecting the directive effectively .
The Spanish Socialist Delegation welcomes the adoption of this report , which will reconcile various requirements for health protection and correct information for consumers with the aim that the industry should not bear excessive costs .
In large part I can say &apos;yes &apos; , but not entirely .
I would have liked it if we had kept the derogation for agriculture and forestry .
Next , with regard to the so-called partnership , there will be greater involvement of bodies representing civil society , non-governmental organisations and associations that campaign for equal rights between women and men , including in terms of cohesion policy .
Thus , it is not a matter of ministers of the interior or ministers for justice at <unk> level combining to think up new repressive measures , but the <unk> side of the coin , which is about the rights of individuals and the right to fully enjoy an area of freedom , security and justice .
What has failed has been the intergovernmental aspect which takes the form of the European Space Agency .
Thank you , Mr Monti .
If they do not , there must be a system of sanctions at EU level .
They recognise that you cannot say you are upholding international law by breaking international law .
The report means continued recognition of the importance of a strong European military capacity instead of placing the emphasis on the need for disarmament and peace .
I know you will think that <unk> , but I will tell you what I think of it in a moment .
They are duty-bound to do this on account of the content of this association agreement .
With the exchange of experiences and ideas as part of the Luxembourg process , employment policy is designed in such a way as to ensure that this will , in fact , be the case .
But if we can make some improvements to the world as it stands I do think it is worth doing so , instead of waiting for the ideal world of our imagination .
<unk> is the safest form of transport there is .
There are twice as many women as men among the new AIDS cases - a fact which has already been referred to here tonight .
This remark needs some qualification .
The Peijs report makes the point in recital D of the motion for a resolution , and I quote : &apos; the high level of charges for cross-border credit transfers is damaging the confidence of consumers in the euro &apos; .
As far as electoral power is concerned , the proposal is that the party must either have elected representatives in the European Parliament or in the national parliaments in at least 5 Member States ( either in one third of the Member States or in one quarter according to today &apos;s resolution ) or must have gained at least 5 % in at least 5 Member States at the last European elections ( either in one third or in one quarter of the Member States ) .
The biggest threat to Ireland at the moment is wage inflation fuelled by <unk> job vacancies .
So I think we should put the problem into perspective , especially as cross-border payments represent a very small part of total payments .
The absolutely universal need for water and the impact of water on the health , culture and welfare of the human race are <unk> .
Now Russia is actually up against the wall as a result of this trade policy threat , while at the same time there are two kinds of expansion taking place .
That products should be listed only if there is scientific evidence that they <unk> allergies goes without saying ; we should also ensure that the list can be amended quickly when new findings come to light .
Lifelong learning is and must be based on some basic competences , and these include an entrepreneurial ability or <unk> .
<unk> on this sensitive banana issue would be an admission of weakness on the part of the European Union and would represent a very strong and <unk> signal , exploited by all opponents of the common agricultural policy to oppose the social , family and <unk> agricultural model .
With all the more reason , it is <unk> by the policies of those in government in Rome who are carrying European trends to the point of absurdity .
Firstly , it would not have been permitted for the patent to be granted on the basis of national patent law either .
I do not know .
Madam President , Mrs Malmström , the Council welcomes Parliament ’ s ongoing interest in the improvement of the situation in Cuba , and we will be <unk> in our joint efforts at bringing about peaceful change there .
If , on the other hand , we want a strong Europe with the capacity to act , the special relationship established by a privileged partnership is the appropriate means by which to fulfil this aim .
I would insist that this represents an important supplementary stage to which we can add the other progress made over the last year in the consolidation of our air transport policy with the aim of fully controlling the vitally important international dimension of the air sector and defend the already very prominent role our industry plays .
We hope that Johannesburg is a turning point .
We in Europe regard Iran as a great country .
This is what happened , even if the security restrictions caused some difficulties for everyone .
I would emphasise that the principles of social justice should be respected , and each Member State should be called upon to provide compensation not just to its own citizens , but also to other victims of violence carried out within its borders , such as migrant workers , students , tourists and others .
This visit constitutes a new stage in the deepening of relations between the Saudi people and the European Union .
We welcome you as guests for our debates on the Middle East and EU security strategy .
In my discussions with the Prime Minister and the leader of the <unk> party and also with other leading figures in Turkish politics , I made it clear that the Commission is expected to issue an opinion and a recommendation at the end of 2004 stating whether or not Turkey meets the political criteria for accession and , if so , recommending when accession negotiations with Turkey should start .
These are the reasons why we shall be voting against the report .
Both sides of this equation have to be considered .
Current guidelines guarantee access of the <unk> to markets which were previously closed to it , <unk> prospects of considerable growth in the future .
In fact , there is a concrete gesture that the European Union can immediately make since it depends only on her , and it consists of offering protection worthy of the name to Algerians , male and female , who have chosen to flee the hell in their country .
That really is <unk> .
Mr President , I would also like to thank Mr Herman for an excellent report .
You yourself said that you are effectively the European government , an idea with which we in our group have a great deal of sympathy .
There are positive developments outside Europe too , particularly in Latin America .
The programme that you have presented today , Mr President-in-Office , gives rise to a number of concerns .
Nowhere is it said that producers cannot inform consumers of the costs of waste management .
The <unk> of countries and economies and worse labour relations will be the immediate effect of the policy now being pursued by the European Union .
But have you checked if this complementarity can be applied to the entire pyramid of workers , and especially to small and medium-sized enterprises and low incomes , or do we need to take a different approach here ?
There is no reason why these two objectives should be contradictory .
The net result of all that is that the actual annual price that we will pay of EUR <unk> million per annum , at an interest rate that we negotiated in recent months , will be lower than the cost anticipated when the protocol , the memorandum of understanding , was signed between the Commission and the Belgian Government in 1997 .
If that is the UK definition of partnership , this House has <unk> rejected it .
Our main concern about the information society is that we will become divided into those who can afford to access information and those who cannot ; that is to say , the <unk> and the <unk> .
We must ensure that the existing rights <unk> from the European Convention on Human Rights , and supported by the decision of the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg , are not diminished or brought into confusion .
There are two problems , the first being that , if the accessions were to take place , then , <unk> , all the acceding States , being the poorest countries and States , would have to join the Cohesion Fund .
All the institutions shut down for several days .
In short , we live in a <unk> structure where man is superior and woman is <unk> in all areas and in every way .
We asked the Commission and the competent bodies to make recommendations on the matter without delay .
The committee held several interesting exchanges and I have endeavoured to incorporate all these points of view in the formulation of this report .
The Commission , of course , attaches great importance to consumer information .
I am using this example to demonstrate the absurdity of the situation .
We know that , according to Russian law , there is freedom of the press in Russia , but there is a big gap between the law and everyday practice .
It is all very well to have human rights agreements signed , but the reality is that no matter what efforts have been made in Algeria over the years by the Council and by the European Union , the situation , like in Turkey , has got worse instead of better .
Mr President , <unk> based on the <unk> rate &apos; of decline in the number of people suffering from malnutrition suggest that it will take a century to overcome hunger in the world .
I <unk> that , when all is said and done , we will end up as <unk> after all . &quot;
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I want to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr <unk> , on his excellent work .
But the <unk> does not want that to come about .
There is therefore a formal requirement there in the legislation , and this cannot be overturned .
To prevent this , I have tabled an amendment to the Medina Ortega report , on behalf of my group .
I myself also had a meeting with <unk> <unk> a short time beforehand .
Lastly , the document as a whole leaves a nasty taste in the mouth .
<unk> said during the debate that we should talk to the judges and others : I have .
I regret greatly the fact that the structural funds are <unk> by regional committees and regional departments of the Commission rather than the tourism department , DG <unk> .
However , the reference , in point <unk> , to &quot; flexibility mechanisms &quot; is unacceptable to me because the principle of organising a market for the right to <unk> would be scandalous .
In that context I would like once again to draw the attention of the House to the ongoing <unk> of <unk> <unk> , a <unk> held in a British <unk> , <unk> <unk> ; who is held in Category A status ; whose status has been reduced slightly in the last number of days ; but who is seven months pregnant and does not have full access to proper , <unk> medical care .
Unfortunately the OECD agreement was neither signed nor ratified , and I have the impression that some Member States are not angry about it at all .
It is also important to develop control capacities of third countries to ensure sustainable fishing monitoring and control of fishing activities .
We have to wait 5 years for the maximum working week to be reduced to 48 hours , and the Commission is cynical enough to cite technical reasons in order to grant a further <unk> delay in application .
I hope therefore that the discussions under the general aegis of the third pillar will have the consequence of making our roads safer from those who have committed serious offences .
<unk> from that , however , a governance plan needs to be worked on , in order to enable all of the existing institutional levels to <unk> in cooperation with one another .
It is very important to achieve a balanced employment policy , where a number of different interests stand side by side .
I should like to take this opportunity to stress once again that we are fully behind all those women who , at great danger to themselves , are fighting against totalitarianism and against any plan to create a society in which women are marginalised .
This also reflects the views of the overwhelming majority of the economic sectors affected .
We have chosen to vote for the report on the proposal for a Council Regulation on the labelling of beef and beef products , although we think it would be better for this to be controlled and determined nationally .
The other issue that came up between us was the question of the payment of donors .
The majority of our Group , who are from Southern Europe , understandably consider that pay cuts cannot be accepted in any circumstances .
I want to state that , Mr President , because I have served in this Chamber for about 20 years and never have I directed personal comments against a colleague and far less against holders of office in the Council or the European Commission .
For once , though , I have some relatively positive news to relate : this week in Finland a high level proposal came out which stated that Finland might at last prepare to sign the Ottawa Convention .
Without prejudice to the greater or lesser ability of individual States , I would lastly endorse the idea that <unk> to provide assistance must be limited to cases in which governments ignore or are responsible for ongoing breaches of the basic universal rights of men , women and children .
Well , we have now arrived at an era when we can give a modest example of dialogue to others who are currently in a violent phase .
That was the happy experience .
For this reason I think that - in the spirit of the doctrine of the European Union in general and in the spirit previously adopted by this Parliament in the Newens report in particular , we should seek a formula which , within the framework of respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms , would allow us to progress in order to find an institutional formula in our relations with this country .
As I have already explained , special arrangements are in place to prevent shipments of meat which do not conform with the special standards applying to Sweden and Finland .
Together with the Council , amend the Stability Pact to make expenditure on education and training count as investment , thereby eliminating it from the calculation of the debt ratio .
Does the Presidency not think it necessary to draw up a plan with specific measures and resources to attract the United States to the International Criminal Court ?
<unk> colleagues , I must insist .
I call for a similar exception for <unk> .
We must ensure that its Parliamentary Assembly takes on a monitoring role as soon as possible , and we need financial resources for those parliamentary delegates from the least developed countries , who at present cannot even afford to travel to its meetings .
There is certainly a great deal of scope for such assistance .
<unk> has been a major problem in the past .
The EU will take the letter into consideration , but it will not become a part of the agreement .
We really must find out what can be done under European mechanisms .
Once again , the disappointing results of these campaigns show how necessary it is to make practical proposals that have a direct effect on people &apos; s daily lives .
However , it would be <unk> of me not to recall the tremendous courage and vision of the former Irish <unk> <unk> <unk> and Prime Minister John Major .
I feel I am the victim of voting being suspended at a quarter past one .
The Mafia <unk> the circuit of decent politicians , business people , and other honest citizens .
In <unk> I would add that this was long before the BSE crisis occurred .
The Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats has presented certain amendments aimed at taking this clarification further , and I would therefore ask the other groups to support them .
So its representatives are in a better position to stand up for themselves and make their own deal .
Further research into respiratory diseases would be timely .
I would ask you not to address the Commission or the Council in a direct or personal fashion .
Mr President , Commissioner , first of all , let me thank Mr Doorn for the excellent work he has done with the assistance of many committees .
All <unk> executions and all <unk> <unk> of homes must stop .
Mrs <unk> Ramos is right to want more money for rural development and small-scale initiatives .
The important thing would be to establish the principles and <unk> of our foreign policy and only then to look at economic and similar aspects related to military equipment for defence .
By changing camp , by reversing the traditional British position , by <unk> your own fishermen and those of other Member States , bar one , by aligning yourself as an <unk> in a <unk> thrust , by <unk> the principles of the common fisheries policy , by <unk> the principle of fair play , you have committed a crime and assumed a historic responsibility .
It is not a new proposal , for we have repeated it endlessly since the White Paper in 1993 .
I do not believe that we can afford to hold the Union ’ s policies to ransom while we <unk> the illusion of a better arrangement .
However , in consideration of the need to uphold the principles governing the internal market , it aims to favour Community-wide measures over measures concerning specific Member States .
By the way , it does not fall to me to explain the conclusions of the Council , that is not my responsibility , but I would urge the Members of this Parliament to read them and , when you have read them , we will speak again .
I share the critical tone of the report .
That is why talks have been going on with them for so many years .
I will read it carefully so that everybody knows what we are voting for : ‘ <unk> with satisfaction the improvements made by Romanian authorities in the area of the protection of children and urges the Romanian Government to settle the cases of applications for international adoption made during the moratorium of June 2001 , ensuring that all cases are examined in light of the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Romanian law on the legal status of adoption , with the goal of allowing <unk> <unk> to take place , where justified and appropriate , in those special cases ’ .
We urge the Colombian government again to investigate the precise circumstances of these crimes .
Lastly , and confining myself to only a few aspects of the problem , social clauses must be incorporated into international agreements .
Mr Roche , the thing which interests me most at the moment is a news item that continues to <unk> us : our fellow MEP , or better , the Spanish Minister for Foreign Affairs , Mrs de Palacio Vallelersundi , will in the next few hours submit to the Presidency of the Council of the European Union a proposal , discussed again yesterday in <unk> , made specifically by or put forward by <unk> <unk> , with the full and total support of the Minister for Palestinian Affairs , <unk> <unk> ’ <unk> .
In short , Turkey still fails to satisfy the Copenhagen criteria .
We must see to it that the most up-to-date statistical methods are used , such as random <unk> , market research and opinion surveys .
Once again , the old theory of the independence of the Commission is <unk> out .
The proposal entering the debate is an ambitious one .
The legislative programme is , in fact , a <unk> of subjects over which the people are to be deprived of influence and in connection with which , Mr Prodi , you are to take influence away from the people , even on social questions .
In the programme description , the Commission regrets that the Constitution will not be ratified in the foreseeable future .
Mrs <unk> also asked about taxation of the arms trade .
That is a figure that , I believe , is broadly satisfactory .
The Harbour report more than meets that challenge .
If Amendment 1 is rejected , the whole resolution has no sense but prevailing surrender .
It is therefore important that we in this Parliament should obtain broad agreement on this issue , for a right cannot , of course , be universal if half of Parliament is opposed to it .
Think what would have happened if the same thing had occurred in Europe after the world wars .
The former Conservative British Government , a few years ago , in the dispute over mad cow disease blocked all <unk> in the Council that required unanimity in pursuit of a particular dispute .
That is one of the scandals we have to denounce here , and I must say - though it may sound somewhat <unk> - that , while I have always considered the Council of Europe to be one of Europe &apos;s great political assets , when it comes to the death penalty and the honouring of binding obligations by the new member countries of the Council of Europe , I believe that the <unk> way in which this precious asset is being treated may well undermine the ideal of human rights in the European Union .
It has been a far more challenging route to <unk> to suggest that , notwithstanding our continuing desire to see more fundamental change in the Union , that there should be a clear recognition of the urgent need to find the resources to fund the costs of enlargement , and that explains the basis of the proposals that we tabled initially last week and the revised proposals that we will table later today .
Mr President , I should first like to pay tribute to Commissioner Vitorino , because I believe that it is thanks to his tireless work that today we are able to draw a clear distinction between asylum-seekers and immigration , and this is to be welcomed .
Unfortunately , not only do the reports make no attempt to put a halt to this anti-grass roots and <unk> development ; on the contrary , they incorporate it in an overall reform of the means available for judicial and police assistance .
I would like to welcome any measures , like this proposal and this report , that indicate our support at European level for the importance of SMEs and small businesses in particular .
Now it is time to move on , time to reward significant progress , and time to show the citizens of Serbia and Montenegro that meeting critical international obligations brings them closer to the European Union .
At first reading , the European Parliament and the Commission agreed on four amendments to the original proposal .
It is part of the process of leading the parties to the convention to enter into further commitments .
I would also call on the Commissioner to ensure that in the next round of proper funding is available for the <unk> Programme .
I would like to conclude by congratulating Mr <unk> .
Mrs Randzio-Plath was quite right when she said that unfortunately far less use is made of aid that is authorised , aid for environmental improvement and technological development , than of aid for individual undertakings , which very often does not offer any guarantee that this investment will lead to integrated regional development .
The report that is being presented today is one in which the members of the Committee on Women &apos;s Rights take some pride , because it is based on broad consensus and cooperation between all its members .
For instance , Amendment No 34 wants to go further in favour of <unk> and weaken the position of innovation .
The Commission will be particularly attentive to any <unk> of the agreement and will raise this issue in the framework of the joint review .
The key problem facing Europe , which must , of course , be dealt with by the competent party , is how to close the gap behind the United States in this sector and other more advanced parts of the world .
For example , how long are we going to go on <unk> the blatant publicity for sex tourism to Asia ?
The Commission is working with national authorities towards the better implementation of these Community rules in order to effectively improve the protection of vulnerable consumers .
The third step , which has not really been given enough weight by some people , is how to work with the Arab League .
How many women workers are employed in tobacco cultivation in the EU ?
They now have two television channels .
Mr Perry and Mr van den Berg bear out this concern for vigilance .
I therefore agree with the report , which aims to increase the EU &apos;s presence in regional fishing organisations ( RFOs ) , and to conclude bilateral agreements and renew existing agreements .
The European Union and its citizens make demands where security policy is concerned , demands made of the Member States and of the EU , and with these demands we must comply .
Secondly , with regard to export opportunities in the <unk> sector , which is still a significant sector in a number of Member States , these do not depend on specific Community policies .
There is still a great deal to do .
The transport sector is one of the most important sectors in this respect .
I am confident that the strong warning in the report on Romania will provide the incentive for its government to drive through the necessary reforms to satisfy all the Copenhagen criteria in time for Romania to join in due course , as scheduled .
The Council was of the opinion that more detailed choices needed to be made in the list of priorities , so as not to exceed the ceiling of Heading 4 of the financial perspectives .
It should be given support and a framework for development at European Union level .
Is this the proper way to proceed ?
The Palestinian people voted in a democratic manner and I believe that all of us today should respect the democratic will of the Palestinian people and formulate the new European strategy based on the new political reality in the Middle East and Palestine .
However , I also wish to make some critical comments on this amendment , plainly and simply because this is now , I believe , the third time this week that a report from the Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs is being referred back to committee .
This is generally recognized , but the corresponding conclusions have not always been drawn .
In that way , we shall be able to make financial savings and will not need to eliminate environmental damage .
<unk> resolution should be at the centre of the Cypriot accession and the Union should prove itself far more creative , and even <unk> , than it has been so far .
I cannot really give a clear answer to Mr <unk> &apos;s question .
Today the Council discussed the draft conclusions in preparation for the decision that the European Council will have to take on Friday .
The <unk> would be Mr Vatanen and President Prodi would , of course , be the <unk> <unk> .
I am therefore pleased that we are calling on the Commission to take action in this area .
If we allow the postal services to drift into complete privatisation then we will lose all that and many of our local communities - we were voting earlier on tourism - will lose their tourist trade .
<unk> measures , and a combination of active and passive measures , however , must remain an option in this proposal , so that it offers even more guarantees of safety than the method currently laid down .
The next item is the joint debate on the following reports : There are many other groups which also need to be mentioned .
We also expressed concern about the new distribution of licences proposed to us a little while ago by the Commission , because in our view , if it were to be applied , it would contribute to an imbalance in trade in bananas , leading to massive unemployment , a fall in export receipts and the collapse of certain economies with unprecedented social and political consequences in European regions and ACP banana producing countries .
This has followed our work on the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy in connection with the assessment of <unk> and the <unk> of the candidates .
The changes made necessary by the launch of the euro on 1 January 1999 will largely coincide with the efforts under way to tackle the so-called <unk> 2000 &apos; problem , which is well-known to computer specialists and which means that , unless the software is modified , many computers will display the date <unk> in the year 2000 .
I hope we shall see the first results of this by the end of this year , and in 1998 there should be redeployment .
Of course , as the Greek government has not sent you its plan , we cannot comment on it .
The joint debate is closed .
I regret , Mr Berlusconi , that it is not clear whether or not Italy is one of these .
Has advertising any importance , then ?
The strengthening of economic , social and territorial cohesion through cross-border , transnational and <unk> cooperation is one of the Union ’ s fundamental objectives .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , may I start by reminding the House that the principle of subsidiarity has to be respected in structural policy .
It is very important to <unk> whether there has been corruption or violations of laws and agreements , but it is far more important , honourable Members of Parliament , to finally make the decision to give up this <unk> , shameful waste of European people &apos;s money .
And they are sure to be here now .
This is a separate issue .
We want EU decisions relating to the use of military assets , including decisions taken on the basis of a common strategy or when implementing a joint action , to be taken unanimously .
After that , we shall conclude .
If we spend DM 1 500 million a year to get rid of the wine surpluses and then want to restrict consumption , there is a risk that we will go off course .
One example of this is Mrs Malmström &apos;s suggestion of a special representative to protect those fighting for human rights .
That being the case , it is important at the present juncture to make emphatically clear that compensation for these additional losses and <unk> suffered by farmers , to which Mrs <unk> rightly referred , is essential , that we must create directives to regulate this and that we must reflect on how we should deal with these things at the WTO negotiations and how we should regard imported products which contain such undesirable substances .
<unk> have been followed closely by the Member States and through the activities in the United Nations .
The country has a dynamic economy and a highly entrepreneurial population , which will benefit from a more balanced and transparent growth model based on the EU acquis .
The European Union therefore supports the UN Secretary-General and his representative for Afghanistan in their efforts .
I can assure you all that the British people do not want a common European immigration policy .
In answer to Mr <unk> <unk> &apos;s question , first of all , this allows for the existence of clear rules on the responsibility of the Member State ; secondly , it gives clarification , which has been added to our proposal , on the standard of proof required for determining the State responsible , and finally , it stipulates rules on the subsidiary responsibility of the State which is negligent .
In the light of our responsibility for the difficult financial situation in the Member States - even my own country , Germany , is not doing particularly well financially - we as Parliament are proposing a reserve of ECU 100 million with the prospect , as you have just heard , of maintaining this increase over the next two years too .
Although it was of the municipal <unk> that Mr Schulz chose to remind us , municipal organisations can also reach the size of major corporations – such is the extent of this spectrum , and it is open to question whether such big structures are always right .
I wholly condemn Saddam Hussein &apos;s regime , but I fear that the way in which the United States brought it down has created a situation which is , if not equally horrific , at least as <unk> .
This should be <unk> for the benefit of small-scale fisheries .
I have so high a view of his intellectual capacities that I assume that he does not include all opponents to this Constitution in this , for that is really not what I am about .
But why has this happened ?
As coordinator for the Socialist Group I was still in the Committee on Budgets discussing the interinstitutional agreement .
The problems in the Balkans and in the area as a whole cannot be resolved where the imperialist powers themselves have <unk> ethnic hatred in order to justify their interventions and continuing military presence in the area .
For example , a constituent of mine was recently charged almost EUR 1 000 for transferring money from a bank in Spain to the UK .
What we need is for Commissioner Bolkestein to finally get round to a decision on the <unk> at a European level .
On the other hand , we must leave these countries the flexibility they need to be able to choose the possibility of recycling .
.
There is no doubt that the draft directive on late payments is responding to the needs felt - suffered , we could say fairly - by small and medium-sized enterprises , and especially by those that are suppliers to powerful economic bodies .
We have to do something to <unk> the European economy .
It is also the case that we have reacted with the urgency asked of us so that these two Regulations could be amended and the Commission would be provided with the legal basis to act .
Even though it is well known that the approval , advertising and sale of pharmaceutical items is controlled by strict regulations in the European Union , the international nature of the Internet makes it possible to circumvent those regulations .
.
There are 77 amendments .
I repeat , I believe it is positive for us to work towards progress , for society to be one step ahead of us and that all we have to do is ratify what has already been recognised .
<unk> companies should rather be viewed as a resource for Europe , which we should not fail to exploit .
Secondly , an interinstitutional body - Parliament , the Commission and the Council - should be established to follow up the Court of Auditors &apos; recommendations , which condemn the misuse of Community funding .
I welcome the Commission proposal because it improves the situation for people who need to claim compensation in the event of an accident , both in terms of the amount they will receive and the speed with which they will be helped .
I would prefer to leave it up to the Member States to decide on the exceptions to the rule .
These , though , produce pollutants , and it is on these that we want to impose rules .
For that we need an efficient market in goods , services and capital .
It is excellent news that the <unk> has been published so soon , and its content is in my view good .
In many ways the method of working together which we devised in 1995 was ahead of its time , but we are not <unk> on our laurels and would certainly be discouraged from doing so by those who have added such an important parliamentary dimension to our relationship .
All things considered , my group is in favour of starting negotiations with Latvia and Lithuania now .
I want to thank the Commissioner for a very comprehensive answer .
In this case , it is we who are responsible , and this budget must reflect that .
I chose to be frank and made a <unk> , informed decision .
I am very disappointed that this very important issue is not further up the agenda .
I have in mind situations such as a serious political crisis or long-term uncertainty surrounding gas supply .
That brings me to the second aspect , which is consistency and complementarity .
This was our view , but the recommendation was not adopted by the Commission .
In conclusion I should like to say that I differ on one point from the honourable Members of the People &apos; s Party .
This is why more and more firms are realising that <unk> is no longer just a job for the marketing department .
In the context of what we know about the countries that do collect batteries , that seems reasonable .
My group will oppose this report because it is not by claiming to defend groups that are particularly vulnerable - we have mentioned here the victims of <unk> and victims of drugs - that we are going to tackle these problems .
It also states categorically that care of the environment must <unk> all parts of the Union &apos;s policies .
We are <unk> about the establishment of this Court .
As you know , many fishermen prefer that time of night precisely because of the good catches they can make then , although I do not know whether they conform with the strictest regulations for protecting the species .
The expansion has only been completed from a legal point of view .
As it is the Member States who must supply the missing pieces , it is a complete <unk> to me why they should be so reluctant to provide the additional evidence .
The same applies to the proposal to add additional data on wanted persons and to incorporate identification material in <unk> on persons , notably photographs and <unk> , on which adequate guarantees must first be adopted .
I was in my seat in good time for the start .
Today our treaties aim to achieve an area of freedom , security and justice .
The most important issue , even if we are now beginning to understand that it will probably not be possible to concentrate on it , is about what will happen during the next commitment period .
In saying that , I am thinking of the whole range of collective services , from the water supply to electricity , taking in education , social services and health .
We are confident that a fair investigation would not only get to the bottom of the problem , but will assist in the prevention of similar incidents occurring in the future .
What the world &apos;s poorest countries need is cooperation and aid in order to reduce the pressure to <unk> .
It will certainly ease the way for the <unk> of <unk> and <unk> children .
I am quite aware of that .
The distribution of portfolios raises questions for me too .
The author of this question harbours doubts about the <unk> of granting the loan to a company which has substantial assets and is located in a region which is <unk> economically and which is particularly valuable and very important in ecological terms .
It is a bit futile for us to go to an independent state , make a deal with them , offer them a price and then tell them what they must do with the money .
History has taught us that racism and xenophobia destroy people and cause enormous suffering .
<unk> agreements when organising public transport services is the correct procedure in cases where such agreements enjoy public subsidy .
There can be no progressive <unk> &apos; in the EU of big business and war and anyone <unk> such <unk> is not helping to develop the fight against its <unk> policies and agencies .
It is important that the deadlines are met .
An increase in the European Union of 18 million jobs and in the USA of 22 million jobs from 1980 to 1993 is an acceptable comparison .
<unk> financial and human resources are of course essential , but what is needed above all is a genuine policy of promoting equality and considerable political will , not only on the part of the bodies responsible in this Parliament but also on the part of the Commission and the Council , to ensure that the gender perspective is genuinely present in all policies and practices .
Even if we did not always agree , he was extremely patient and open to cooperation , for which I am very grateful .
First of all we must get each Member State to transpose the legislation .
We should stop protecting our cows and our farmers in Europe <unk> , and stop destroying our own customer base .
And in that respect , we believe that democracy and peace can only be achieved by listening to the voice of the people and never by taking the lives of their representatives .
<unk> will achieve nothing without the <unk> or the Civil Guard .
In my view , such concerns do not justify being <unk> , but they merit being addressed by us honestly and frankly .
That is a very positive point .
As regards freedom of movement and immigration , penal justice , and justice within the third pillar , the Commission is starting to get ready for the new treaty being applied .
.
Question Time is being moved around far too often and Members are not being given the opportunity to do their duty .
The term <unk> of cooperation in the field of education and training &apos; requested by the Council has excessively technical and abstract <unk> and would be difficult for people to understand .
Mr President , I had the good fortune to serve alongside Mrs Díez de <unk> <unk> on the Environment Committee from 1984 to 1989 .
Mr President , these are the kind of facts that define President Islam <unk> &apos;s policies .
Could anybody tell me , for example , when the Commission has said whether it is going to reduce the number of <unk> in the Spanish service to 67 by the end of the year or how it is going to sustain such a decision at the next European <unk> America Summit , which will take place in Vienna .
The majority of studies carried out have also stressed the lack of data broken down by gender in scientific and technological fields .
This is an untenable situation .
We therefore need to work with these States so that they can <unk> into democracies where human rights are respected to a greater extent and where the democratic system becomes stronger .
We have been told that <unk> EUR 8 billion have been earmarked for the period 2000-2006 , but this amount seems to fluctuate .
The trans-European water networks must be brought to fruition quickly and as a matter of priority .
Ladies and gentlemen , I believe this is a problem to be resolved in the future , and not now , as currently proposed .
In order to prevent distortions of competition , the report by the Committee on Agriculture rejects the idea that the CAP should be <unk> .
We believe that it is this diversity that makes Europe and in terms of culture and languages it should be protected and promoted .
The declaration by the Angolan Government giving <unk> a <unk> <unk> role on the political stage and time to reorganise is , in our view , a step in the right direction .
We must do all that we can to make trade fair , to support debt relief and to secure aid to the poorest .
This is misguided and should be contested by everyone , and particularly by this Parliament and the Commission .
We need to know that money is being spent properly .
I have to admit that in Italy the active population in this sector is ageing , but there are also new generations appearing , actually linking the sector to <unk> , that is , an agriculture with income from a range of activities , one of which is <unk> .
And what are we doing ?
The work should , of course , be regulated and subject to <unk> in the future too , but the same rules cannot apply to , for example , Finland and Greece , which suffers from drought .
I fully support the statement on the Middle East .
Why are all countries equal , but certain large countries more equal than others ?
In 2001 , the Swedish Presidency responded to these findings with the Gothenburg Strategy .
In the matter of <unk> , I would have thought it more desirable for this report to tie in more closely with the e-commerce directive .
The House will be aware that the <unk> version of the resolution for debate before this Parliament today was produced this morning in keeping with usual practice .
As is abundantly clear from so many parliamentary reports and so many <unk> <unk> , the fight against trafficking of human beings will have little chance of success without cooperation at Member State level .
The third point is a fundamental one , namely that it is also important to improve mutual assistance in legal matters .
The way the Commission functions must be reformed and restructured , because nobody in this Assembly wants to <unk> or <unk> the Commission .
Thousands of citizens , hundreds of homes and business premises , thousands of vehicles and a large proportion of public infrastructure were affected by the devastating consequences of this <unk> .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the White Paper contains a number of points which are of great , direct interest to Italy such as the issue of Alpine passes , the financing of major infrastructure work , restoring the balance between modes of transport , sustainability and cohesion in Europe .
It passes back to the UN Security Council the possibility for further action , including military action , after a complete evaluation of the situation ?
In recital 3 the Commission said : &quot; Measures to improve safety should not lead to an increase in fishing effort and such measures should therefore be applied within the existing capacity objectives for the fleet &quot; .
Surely the dissatisfaction among Members over salaries is just a simple matter of <unk> ?
We all agree that there is a difference between new active substances , which number almost 20 per year , and the new drugs , which amount to between 200 and 300 each year .
The latter do not necessarily have to be doctors who can produce a corresponding <unk> , but it must be ensured that they have a basic knowledge of general medical principles .
It is true that he was involved in introducing the Social Chapter , as well as the employment strategy and the active labour market policy in EU cooperation .
The opposite is also true : a closed and <unk> administration tends to foster a higher level of corruption .
We find it natural and necessary to move forward in creating global governance on a large number of issues , where the US Government , which is less <unk> , favours a different course of action .
It is in any case time that we avoided giving the impression that the United States alone is acting while the 15 Member States of the European Union are still talking , so that once the dust has settled after the Iraq war the European Union should primarily set itself the task of sorting out its relations with the United States .
Legal rules already exist to deal with problems such as this , because in legal terms it is nothing new .
The actual amount that will have to be cancelled still needs to be clarified by Commissioner Schreyer &apos;s services , they being the only ones with an overall picture of the budget , in order to identify any needs that will have to be covered under other budget headings between now and the end of the year .
Many jobs are still insecure and 60 million people are living below the poverty line .
Question No 36 by ( <unk> / 01 ) : There is serious <unk> going on for this . &apos;
Those , too , who even here in Parliament - they are no longer present , unfortunately ; perhaps Mr Habsburg could give them a <unk> off - have made great rhetorical play about rejecting every essential and long overdue reform of the common agricultural policy , and those who continue to <unk> their heads in the sand - to the great detriment of small farmers in need of our help - even these should finally recognize that only in this integrated initiative can there be an effective end to depopulation and loss of significance .
<unk> , not identified at the start of the <unk> / <unk> Programme , are a major contributor to those problems .
Furthermore , the isolation of the Palestinian leadership , and <unk> Arafat in particular , must be broken .
Most Socialists - apart from some notable exceptions - voted against allegations of mismanagement and the need for urgent reform of the Commission in December .
We are therefore going to initiate a study of the potential impact on the outermost regions of implementing the new ACP agreement .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to start by expressing my very heartfelt thanks for all my <unk> &apos; solidarity and sympathy , as this is a really difficult time for people in the affected areas of Central Europe .
In all such cases , however , strict criteria must be met and prior approval from the European Commission gained .
The first two paragraphs of the amendment have already been taken into account in the directives which this directive will amend , and the second sentence of the third paragraph cannot be accepted because whatever falls outside the scope of this directive will in any case remain a matter for national decision-making , so that it will remain possible for the Member States to choose freely whether to grant national type approval to tractors with a maximum design speed exceeding 40 <unk> / <unk> .
Competition policy is on the tip of the tongue of some very highly placed individuals in various Member States .
Before any rate is decided on , the first step should be to evaluate the Community &apos;s rural development needs , cost them and then set the appropriate rate to meet the cost .
In that spirit , we can fully endorse Amendments Nos 2 , 8 , 9 , 11 , 12 , 15 , 17 , 19 , 20 , 30 , 33 , 37 and 41 and we can partially accept Amendment Nos 4 , 5 , 6 , 10 , 22 , 23 , 24 , 26 , 28 , 31 , 35 , 38 and 40 providing some slight verbal modifications .
Many of them have contributed much to our countries &apos; development and to providing increased wealth and prosperity .
We had already signed a trade agreement in <unk> , and everyone knows that that agreement brought about peace in Gaza and in Palestine , and even peace in Afghanistan .
This European scale and the focus on excellence are what give this European endeavour intrinsic added value .
I should appreciate it if you would tell Mr White that today is 11 April 1997 and that <unk> was 20 years ago , when he still had a black <unk> and hair on his head .
My father , who at the time was 80 years old , was in the back seat .
In order , however , to put an end to the present inactivity on this issue , we have - against the background of recent negotiations with the Council - agreed to the confirmation of these decisions .
The countries do not want it , for all sorts of reasons .
<unk> farming practice was compounded by <unk> when pigs which no longer showed physical symptoms but could still transmit the disease were sent to an <unk> .
Lastly , I would urge all <unk> Members to endorse this report by my Socialist colleague .
The continual erosion of fish populations will , in the long term , threaten the survival of European fishermen and the preservation of the species .
Mr Le Pen stated that &apos;the gas chambers are detail in the history of the Second World War &apos; and &apos;the <unk> of those who were killed in the gas chambers is to be considered as merely an insignificant part of the history of the Second World War &apos; .
I would like to protest about this and demand that this matter be cleared up .
The interests of AIDS , tuberculosis and malaria patients worldwide must be at centre stage .
It is well known that East Timor has been illegally occupied by Indonesia for around 24 years , which has resulted in successive resolutions by the UN demanding Indonesia &apos; s withdrawal and <unk> the people of East Timor &apos; s right to self-determination .
Clearly , there are risks involved in any situation and the Commission insists that we all move together towards a form of integration that is more solid and which enjoys broader agreement .
As for your other proposals , I support their general tendency , but not the form of words you have chosen .
The Bologna Process , which will involve the establishment of a European area of higher education by 2010 , is of great importance for our young people in particular .
I have some knowledge of the way the International Olympic Committee does its work .
Does Parliament want to make a stand for democracy ?
You must agree that is a joke .
Of course , the problem then arises of democratic control of the secret services in the various States , which is , in effect , largely non-existent .
Each country has its own history .
The initiative we are discussing today must be credible and offer tangible results .
Last but not least , experience in America has shown that you cannot save your way out of remaining deficits , but rather that you have to eliminate them through growth .
I take it for granted that Mr Prodi would ask a Commissioner against whom criminal proceedings have been initiated , to <unk> .
We may need more time .
The International Federation of the Red Cross - EUR 300 000 on shelter , food and support to the rescue efforts for health , water , sanitation and other relief supplies .
There is , however , a problem with the speed of take-up and we agree that social irresponsibility is still out there .
As Chairman of the Committee on Fisheries , I am fed up with the Committee &apos;s items being <unk> around on the agenda from one day to the next .
<unk> vehicles are a major environmental problem in the European Union .
These do not require the European Parliament to be formally consulted by the Council , nor is the <unk> procedure applicable to them .
We try to analyse all the budget lines now in the spirit of the Court ruling so that we have a right to <unk> pilot projects and preparatory actions .
Mr President , Commissioner , I should like firstly to thank all those who have fought so hard .
We also raised such issues as the investment climate in Russia and , in this connection , the situation of <unk> .
On the other hand , I do think that coordination is required and also a number of minimum levels of social protection agreed between Member States to avoid social dumping and to satisfy employees &apos; rights and promote free movement of people .
We agree on the importance of partnership .
We are currently preparing a Commission communication on the functioning of the new approach to be published this autumn .
My question is this : does the <unk> strategy actually contain any approaches to finding a solution to the special problems which arise as a result of this geographical proximity and the naturally intense nature of these problems ?
The impact of the campaign is measured by Eurobarometer , which does surveys before and after the campaign .
Thus press reports of an <unk> challenge to the United States were way off the mark .
A Statute for a European <unk> has been a subject of discussion in the EU since the <unk> .
Now we are going to put the PPE-DE request to the vote .
What specific plan does the Commission have in order to ensure that the opening up of Europe ’ s markets will actually be accompanied by international compliance with minimum rules on human rights , the environment and workers ’ rights ?
I suggest that we should award <unk> for the best <unk> writing about what we do here , about countries and about worldwide issues .
On one hand yes , because information , research and cooperation in <unk> interaction matters are always a good thing , , we do not necessarily need more <unk> and <unk> , <unk> mechanisms in order to act fast and save lives now .
What is being done now is a step in the right direction .
We are not raising the demand to go further with the treaty , we have no illusions about that .
That is what we shall be doing unless the European Parliament approves amendments aimed at rejecting that move .
By studying abroad , they not only gain new knowledge and new experiences of another culture , but also disseminate knowledge and in that way help increase the quality of European education which , in turn , is one of the <unk> of the Lisbon process .
By far the majority of women who have undergone <unk> mutilation - reference is made to 130 million - live in Africa .
The introduction of further tests , different from those concerned with competition , in the concentration assessment system would complicate , confuse and , ultimately , risk <unk> the primary function of the <unk> Regulation , which is to maintain effective competition .
Mr President , one minute &apos;s speaking time is not exactly a long time for discussing three or four reports , so I have to limit myself to one single thought .
I urge you to do it this way , or else we will be unfair to the Commissioner and the debate will not be in the proper order .
Other values exist besides free trade .
I urge the Commission to pay more attention in future to providing consistent assessments of bids , to telling unsuccessful applicants why they did not succeed , and to make payments on time because delays cause great difficulties , particularly for small businesses .
I should like to say , on behalf of the socialists , that the concept of universal service , to which the Commissioner also referred , as defined by the Commission seems to us to be <unk> .
However , I am holding fast to Mr Prodi &apos;s commitment in this respect and I also hope that he understands that a great deal of effort will be needed as well , in order to achieve results .
.
– Mr President , Commissioner , Mr President-in-Office , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Bonde said that he wanted equal representation from both sides , but this Parliament decided to support the constitution by a majority of <unk> % , and 52 % of the population , through their parliaments and in referenda , have already said ‘ yes ’ to it !
These negotiations have begun , but there has been no substantial change of position so far - which is something of an <unk> - with regard to progress on these issues , given that this whole process is obviously linked to the start of the overall negotiating process .
Just as a quick reminder , the <unk> that was brought forward last year by the Commission included first of all an overall amendment of the 1993 directive , that is the subject of Mrs Smet &apos; s report ; a directive on road transport , sadly that one is totally blocked in the Transport Council at the moment I understand it ; the third , a directive implementing the agreement between the social partners on seafarers , was adopted in the form of a directive in June this year so that element is taken care of , and then finally the proposal that I am speaking on today , a directive on the enforcement of working hours on board ships using Community ports .
– Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , ultimately the debate on the openness of meetings of the Council is a debate on democracy .
The vote will take place on Thursday .
As you know , these vessels will be less than <unk> long and must be less than 20 years old .
We have declined to vote for Amendment No 6 from the Committee .
<unk> approaches to meet security of supply plainly need to be produced .
To that extent I take the view that , in this context , or on the basis of President Prodi &apos;s statement , the <unk> we demanded has been granted .
The EC is also a major donor to Azerbaijan .
Perhaps , Commissioner , you could pass that message on to your colleagues .
The problem was highlighted by the February 1996 <unk> of a Turkish aircraft <unk> by a <unk> operator in which all <unk> passengers died .
<unk> <unk> VOTE Anyone who did not belong to the main population group of <unk> Turkish speakers had a difficult time .
General reserves : this part was adopted .
I believe it is necessary , for example when special representatives are appointed , for us to have a say in each individual case .
To this end , as has been mentioned by other Members , democratic representation of regions in the Council of Ministers is vital , as well as codecision for the Committee on Agriculture .
We submitted Amendment No 8 , and I would like to ask the Commissioner whether she might be able to repeat the promise which , to my knowledge , she made in the Council : to come up with a proposal for paint products this year , because these <unk> are too harmful to health to be sold any longer .
It is therefore expenditure that has been secured by a sacrifice that barely costs us anything .
Over the past two years , nine out of ten textile machines have been bought by China .
I regret though that the resolution on this important subject was misused as a vehicle to attack internal government composition in Member States , which is the product of the democratic process and , frankly , beyond the remit of the European Parliament .
Data protection is needed in all legislation and not , as now , only in a part of it .
On behalf of the Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , I would like to say that we expect that the Italian government , in which we have the greatest confidence , will help to ensure that we can finally reach an agreement .
If the <unk> does not agree to reverse its policy and disarm in terms of its nuclear weapons then the whole KEDO contribution by the European Union should be <unk> .
Who does not remember the sports days at school when we were young , in which everyone had to take part , whether they were <unk> or not ?
The Commission has always proposed an action plan for the ACP countries , with EUR 40 million for 2006 .
A total of <unk> million euros is being proposed for the Balkans .
Where do you expect to get if you do not know where exactly you are heading ?
We must avoid all attempts to water down the new service by placing it primarily in the Council .
The Financial Perspective must be revised .
Agricultural products should be sold at market price , and the income paid into a special fund in the Russian budget and later used for social purposes .
I ask Members to note that the leader of the Scottish national church , whom we will welcome here tonight , also took a leading part in that protest .
Amendment No 26 seeks to extend considerably the scope of Article 1 , so as to cover plans and programmes not only in the environmental field but also in other sectors .
– Mr President , this own-initiative report on agriculture and agricultural research has my full support .
However , we also believe that the Commission must devote greater attention to ensuring that the resources are used efficiently .
We are , at this moment , at this very late hour , trying to decide the strengths and weaknesses of the directive .
Indeed , many investigations conducted in the wake of accidents have identified crew <unk> as one of the factors contributing to these accidents .
Of course I understand - and I say this to Mr <unk> - that when an elected representative has a special relationship with a particular section of the population or of his electorate , he can sometimes become a <unk> for ideas of this kind , and that is quite legitimate , it is part of his function .
We must show that this solidarity does not stop at the border and I wish to reassure Mr <unk> <unk> that it naturally extends to the whole of the population of Seville , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and so forth , regions that are indeed also suffering the impact of what can only be termed a large-scale natural disaster .
The late effort by the French , which was also joined by my <unk> at the last minute , to call a European Council on 21 November dedicated to employment , was not enough to <unk> the fears for our immediate and long term future .
We must not permit the growing phenomenon of child labour and the sexual abuse of children , which is taking place on an enormous scale , in any of our partner countries .
All Member States must launch additional efforts to increase employment .
Mr President , Commissioner , this directive and this proposal have their own personality .
Mr President , Madam Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , my own position and that of the Greens have been discussed at length in other forums , and it is not possible , in two and a half minutes to present a detailed argument .
Madam President , the Committee on Fisheries unanimously adopted the conclusions I proposed in the opinion intended for the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .
Mr President , Mr Dimitrakopoulos said he hoped that the Commission or Council would submit a solution to Parliament or indicate a direction which could lead to a solution of the political problems with Iran .
The next opportunity for this - as Commissioner Patten mentioned - is the OSCE Summit starting tomorrow in Istanbul .
Everyone prefers to rush to <unk> their personal or national <unk> with a <unk> of <unk> , particularly when the eyes of world public opinion are upon them .
We are facing a very serious problem in the Ceuta region because of developments in Gibraltar .
ECHO will be submitting a further global humanitarian plan so that we can determine the additional funding that is required .
Whilst Saddam Hussein may have cause for celebration , the Iraqi population , his people , are <unk> further each time into crisis and poverty .
However , there are 58 million of them .
Let us look first at what must not be done .
You need to show the same commitment to fighting fraud as we are within the European Parliament .
If your aim is to <unk> these two <unk> against each other , then you should continue with your present course of action .
Firstly , that proper preparation pays off .
It is better to lower them step by step than to set up unrealistic measures and allow them to be ignored .
First inconsistency in the White Paper entitled <unk> for the EU in 2005 &apos; , the UK states that the financial perspective must cover the needs of the new Member States .
I have the feeling that the atrocities and the military offensive are taking place under cover of the events of 11 September and the situation in the Middle East .
Apparently the Chinese have a technique - I do not know if they learned this from <unk> or <unk> <unk> - whereby their vessels <unk> a given area fishing simultaneously , so that , after a few <unk> , there are no fish left and there is no possibility of fish in the future .
The second issue we deal with is the more general concern about the possible use of European aid to <unk> jobs around Europe .
I have today chosen for two main reasons to vote against the own-initiative report on an information and communication strategy on the euro and Economic and Monetary Union .
Ever greater powers , ever more areas of competence for the Commission , that is to say , ever greater <unk> and ever more regulation .
Rural regions eligible for Objective 5b will be among the main victims of this situation : in France , one third of the population eligible under this Objective will no longer receive structural funding after the transition period .
Yet with a clearly non-European country such as Turkey , accession negotiations are to commence this year .
Mr President , the list of speakers from this morning also clearly shows how firm the bond between the Moluccas and the Netherlands is .
The European Convention on <unk> under the auspices of the Council of Europe , to which Turkey is a party , follows a similar logic .
Mr President , I would like to echo what some speakers have already expressed before me : after last year &apos; s events , this Commission will need to have all its <unk> about it if it intends to ignore what this Parliament has to say in resolutions .
If we intend to achieve a result , then we must also make the content of our proposal clear .
Research into long-term damage is particularly important .
The Communist Party of Greece never misses an opportunity to denounce the fact that the capitalist mechanism and police state being built up by the European Union are capitalist society &apos;s response to the rising <unk> of protest and demands for justice being generated by its own anti-grass roots policy of serving the interests of big business .
The Commission promised that we would have the evaluations in March , then in April and then in May .
.
These funds should only go to the very poorest parts of Europe .
I just wanted to say that page 26 of the Minutes indicates that before the vote on topical and urgent motions for resolutions I pointed out to Mr <unk> that only the joint motions were available in all languages and not the motions on which they were based .
We must resume our work on light arms trafficking .
All of these elements are determining factors .
A number have even been in danger of receiving the death penalty .
Mr Blair , I remember well the speech you gave in Warsaw four years ago , at a meeting with the Prime Ministers of Poland , the Czech Republic , Hungary and Slovakia .
To what extent has national and international law been violated in the process ?
There was a great deal of controversy in committee regarding the problem of alcoholism .
( The President established that there were no objections to the oral amendments ) A great deal .
It has also been underestimated in respect of the role we believe the euro should play in stabilising monetary relations in the world and even in <unk> the international monetary system .
The qualitative assessment was based on wide <unk> of the projects with additional <unk> with national bodies and , subsequently , with the <unk> or promoters of these projects at grass roots .
Bulgaria cannot wait for a stability pact , a plan for the Balkans , it needs help now .
What matters in the first place is that some sort of stable balance be established between the ethnic groups , with it being ensured that all of them participate in political life and are represented in the armed forces , in the administration and , as the amendment so rightly puts it , in the justice system above all .
I urge you not to be <unk> by this resistance from the other side of the ocean .
In my view , there should be European rules where they are needed , but to a certain extent we need to take account of national agreements and traditions .
When talking about &apos; .
EU &apos; ; why not go to the public on the <unk> ?
This discriminatory situation must stop .
I come from a region , Galicia , which has suffered similar accidents in the past .
The number of fatalities and injuries on Europe &apos; s roads is not something which is predetermined .
This means high growth , since a <unk> % increase is anticipated .
An <unk> may not under any circumstances leave the premises with the drugs .
Mr <unk> , this information does not , most probably , require any amendment to the Minutes , but I take note of your comment nonetheless .
We need increased coordination , not just between the institutions of the EU , but also between the EU and the Member States .
The Treaty of Amsterdam , as I have already stated , enables the European Union to make this contribution .
The Socrates programme is aimed at European cooperation in education and promotes cooperation in these areas , in particular within the context of open and distance learning .
This is not a new debate , though it has perhaps grown in intensity .
It is with reference to this that I ask the Commissioner responsible for these matters to act in accordance with the law and not follow the example of the President of the present Commission , who simply describes current laws - such as the Stability Pact - as stupid and fails to apply them .
In this context I would like to emphasise that during recent years the potato starch production quota for the European Union has not been exhausted , and therefore Lithuania ’ s request to increase the quota from <unk> to <unk> % of the general level of the potato starch production quota for the European Union definitely will not have an essential effect on the indicators of the internal market of the European Union .
But we can see that this is not so .
It is also necessary to avoid giving an impression that everything balances out and that there is a similar movement in both directions , by mentioning a few cases which have taken place in the opposite direction , but which are not representative of the main trend .
Mr President , congratulations are in order today of course to Mrs Read on her excellent report and to Commissioner Liikanen .
It is true that later , in the discussion and debate , this reduction ended up lower than we all thought , given that the European Environment Agency said that instead of the 8 % reduction from 1990 , it should be 30 % , if we wanted to go along the right path .
In this regard , I would like to highlight the remarkable work of our colleague Mrs Malmström , during negotiations with the Commission .
In some areas , the presidency has had great success .
Is the Commission concerned that the UK Government refuses to release safety reports on the <unk> <unk> , and will the Council make representations to release this evidence ?
The rapporteur is asking for a threshold of 50 to 30 <unk> , which would also involve excessive cost without appreciable benefit .
The tendency in the report on Poland , encouraging its politicians to speed up the harmonisation of its legislation with the EU and implement the acquis , and the successful conclusion of the agreement on the liberalisation of Polish agricultural trade a few days ago are positive signals here .
You know that there are a great many orphan products ; there are <unk> products and it is no longer possible to allocate precisely those products .
I was delighted at the adoption of a large number of my own amendments , ranging from exemptions for the travel industry , to recognition of the role of the computer and the Internet and the future role of e-commerce for insurance , as well as safeguards for a <unk> review of eligibility for registration , and protection for businesses located offshore outside the EU .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like , to begin with , to quote one of the phrases contained in the excellent report by our fellow Member , Mrs <unk> : ‘ The European Parliament is confident that the Commission and the Council will take on board the suggestions of the European Parliament ; this is necessary if it is to give its assent to the strategic guidelines . ’ Finally , we have resolutely to tackle the crux of the legislation .
We take the view that what we proposed in the Transport Committee is more environmentally effective , and that it maintains a higher standard .
If that question were to be encountered with no preparation other than sincere humanitarian sentiment , it might be <unk> <unk> that political efforts should be aimed at <unk> and preventing the persecution and political oppression that give rise to the asylum problem , as well as at distributing both wealth and political influence or , in short , democratising the prosperity of the world which is at present concentrated in a few dominant centres , including the EU , that function as <unk> in a world of social , economic and political misery .
This is a subject that should be examined further but , given the time constraints , I will stop here for the time being .
Our fellow citizens are not prepared to shoulder the burden of this economic crisis , and they are protesting at the way in which countries have <unk> the oil companies , even though the latter have been quite <unk> in the profits they have been making .
We have put forward a number of very serious proposals , and we hope we will win a large enough vote to force the Council and the European Council to take account of what this House and the people &apos;s representatives say , and that we can establish talks between the Council and Parliament on the best policy to pursue .
Now it may be in a <unk> sense because we do not have a preventative foreign policy .
It is not the first time a Commission President has attended a G8 meeting , or that a Prime Minister and President-in-Office has attended a G8 or G7 meeting .
When this was proposed in committee I supported it and the committee &apos;s decision is a reflection of that .
Two working groups are now fully occupied with the practical preparations .
Amendments Nos 19 and 20 deal with identification requirements for <unk> customers .
Mr President , a biblical <unk> <unk> the <unk> to build his house on a rock .
In committee I even went as far as to propose a joint amendment with Mr Bushill-Matthews saying that the review of the legislation should be used as an opportunity to promote the simplification of legislation and its repeal when it is redundant .
The murders - well over a hundred in number - committed by the <unk> have been another horrific reminder of the truth of that proposition .
The Centre has the potential to make a real practical difference .
Of special concern at the moment is the possibility of Sudanese forces intervening in the Democratic Republic of Congo , on the government side , which would probably lead to an escalation of the conflict involving Sudan &apos;s own neighbours .
The European Union &apos;s policy towards the Russian Federation has not always been exemplary to date , but I would hope that the combination of a comprehensive strategy and the new TACIS regulation that is due to enter into force in the year 2000 will lead to a significant improvement in decision-making and implementation in the European Union &apos;s policy on Russia .
It will have to concern itself with military capability , in terms of armaments and equipment , but also – and it is my turn to be emphatic – with research , which is a vital sector , to say the least , but one that has been rather neglected , not only by the European Union but also by its Member States .
I am extremely pleased that Mr Trichet is also of this opinion and is continuing Mr Duisenberg &apos;s policy .
Rural areas make up over 80 % of the EU &apos; s territory and 25 % of the population live in them .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
This will require <unk> , and these procedures must be prepared in good time and managed in an appropriate way .
That is an alternative recipe for economic policy , but one which is contrary to the Treaty .
In particular , we call for the WTO to be a party to the international treaties of the UN and the ILO .
However , the Directive does not only regulate future mines and their waste material , but also the old , abandoned mines and those that are still operating , often in a deplorable technical condition .
( The President declared the common position approved ) I would , however , respectfully remind Parliament that there will be further opportunities for discussion on the European draft Constitutional Treaty .
In conclusion , because I do not want to <unk> the debate on this point , I am anxious , Mr President , to thank you and thank the Parliament for its suggestion , which opens a first track for the application of Article 103 A , paragraph 2 once the third phase on economic and monetary union has come into effect .
Of course , it requires a considerable financial effort .
The Commission has to be put on a new course , and that can be achieved only through a restructuring of its services and , above all , through the adoption of new basic principles .
Will it be made public ?
Mr President , two years have passed since the Dayton Agreement and all the signs are that although important steps have been taken , the agreement &apos;s implementation is still very slow in many areas .
This is why we should welcome the imminent entry into force of these European rules concerning the labelling and traceability of GMOs .
In 1998 , it was agreed that the European Commission should publish an annual report which highlights any improvements .
It is unthinkable that without dealing with this aspect we could have rules which would convince all consumers and clarify the system .
This is equality , but something quite different from organizing the European elections as if Europe were a single electoral constituency .
Of course I would add that I continue to support this committee &apos; s amendments , which they adopted unanimously .
Our second concern stems from the way the Council takes legislative decisions behind closed doors .
This will be further improved as a result of the process which will bring into effect the third phase of European Monetary Union .
A review of such <unk> , as advocated by the Committee on Industry , would also call into question the otherwise minimal <unk> .
Parliament has approved this method of proceeding .
The <unk> warfare against civilians violates everything in which we believe in the European Union and cannot be justified in terms of the terrorist actions perpetrated by certain groups of <unk> .
So do you want to use this money as <unk> so that you can penetrate the Turkish economy even further , so that you can <unk> the Turkish people &apos; s wealth even more ?
This question must be resolved .
This would at least have been worth putting to the credibility test .
We are examining the issue of <unk> the UN Geneva Convention on Refugees in order to regain control of immigration and asylum policy and therefore cannot support Amendment 35 .
In order to be able to provide financial support for the reconstruction of former Yugoslavia , it is desirable that that country be included among the recipients of loan guarantees .
The remains of my <unk> , like many others , lie somewhere in Flanders on the <unk> of the <unk> .
It has to produce a report on how the Directive is being implemented , which will include appropriate proposals for adjustment , if necessary .
<unk> immigration , <unk> illegal immigrants , give identity papers to all those who have entered our territory illegally , create and allow the creation of <unk> areas where the law does not apply , such as the <unk> Centre in France .
The present Government , however , took a stand against this project , which violates the very concept of sustainable development , one of the pillars of our European policies .
In this way , once the financial perspective has been adopted , the conditions will be in place for the sustainable development of the outermost regions , and the successful promotion of economic , social and territorial cohesion .
As far as geographical and sectoral coverage is concerned , the European Investment Fund has managed to achieve relatively satisfactory coverage of all countries despite the recession on all the money markets .
Surely it can be raised at the forthcoming EU-US summit and also during the ongoing negotiations in relation to this issue .
In such cases , not only the passengers will be the victims , but also those on the ground where pieces of the <unk> land .
Over the past few months , since the beginning of October in fact , I have spent more than two weeks in that country .
Now voluntary nature conservation organizations have started to sell such certificates to the forestry industry .
I warmly welcome the outgoing President-in-Office of the Council and his European Affairs Minister <unk> Mitchell on their formal visit to the European Parliament to bring to a conclusion Ireland &apos;s presidency of the Union .
That is a purely technical amendment and will be taken into account .
They are <unk> to failure ; they will not bring Europe any further forward .
What is more obvious than adequate input of the European Member States to NATO ?
We also have Title B <unk> , which covers food aid and humanitarian aid to population groups in the developing countries who are the victims of natural disasters or serious crises .
Europe is a dream of freedom and democracy for these countries that are asking to join what for them has been for so long precisely only a dream of freedom and democracy .
Yes , for clarification purposes , I can say that it is manufactured in a factory in Austria ; that it is , I am instructed , <unk> in the Netherlands for export to third countries , but not for sale within the European Union .
In time the United Nations and the European Union should be given positive roles as new political structures develop in Afghanistan .
Similarly , we must point out the <unk> of the assertion of commercial interests that their forestry clearance activities contribute to combating the greenhouse effect .
France has already stated that it was in no way bound by these negotiations .
The positive action measures to balance out their representation in the different employment sectors will also be effective .
The Union as such is faced with a challenge , although the main responsibility for employment policy lies with the Member States - and , in this context , above all with the two sides of industry .
My intention today was thus to remind you of this <unk> .
I should like to make a somewhat political remark : she belongs to a group that regularly calls for civil disobedience in a great number of spheres , but I notice that she is now very law-abiding .
Thirdly , I want to say how important it is for the various policy areas to be valued in Europe so that we obtain genuine territorial cohesion .
For example , this concept of repeated <unk> in the budget may create certain problems .
The issue which we need to address is the underlying disquiet .
Financial crime is a drain on energy , resources , means and therefore money which could be used by our governments in activities which are more important for society such as meeting the needs of the less well-off part of the population such as pensioners and the elderly .
Second reason : the European Parliament , should these compromises be reopened , must have submitted its views .
No government can make them successful ; that is down to the companies ’ own efforts .
This kind of situation should not be allowed .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr President of the Commission , the discussion has taken a rather strange turn .
Each Member State has submitted timetables to the Commission showing how this will be done , with progress monitored through the single market scoreboard .
You continue to say that you will rely on the support of Parliament and then , by <unk> of hand , you present us with a team that does not answer the questions posed by this institution in any way whatever .
However , this is slightly misleading , because it is not the same level in each Member State .
Above all , major changes are needed .
( <unk> / 00 ) by Mr Poettering on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , Mr Barón Crespo on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , Mr Cox on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal , Democratic and Reform Party and Mr Lannoye on behalf of the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance to the Commission on European political parties ; This means , consequently , that it is indeed possible to have independent voting without the group being considered to be lacking in political <unk> in accordance with Rule 29 of the Rules of Procedure .
With the vote due to be held tomorrow , I would like to again ask the Commission how this can be done in view of the very large number of amendments before us , the main ones being those relating to interoperability , tabled by Mr Rocard and others , by Mrs Kauppi and by me .
We now come to the other proposals for changes to the agenda .
The rapporteur , Mrs Terrón , made this point and it is outrageous .
Since 1992 farmers &apos; wives have had their own pensions .
<unk> of the Burmese regime that should be particularly condemned include the Burmese <unk> ’ fight against the opposition , the use of chemical weapons by the Burmese army , the failure of the country to cooperate in any way with international organisations , the persecution of ethnic minorities and the political arrests .
We also insist that national administrations , in relation to the payment of taxes , for example - and the Belgian administration has done this - round prices down rather than up , so that the public administrations may be the first to demonstrate that the euro does not have to have <unk> effects , but precisely the opposite .
It was attended by <unk> , <unk> and Turks .
There are at present quite a few good examples of free competition &apos; s being threatened as soon as the opportunity arises for <unk> it .
Mr President , normal practice would have been that I should have led the debate last night , but unfortunately due to a <unk> problem that was not possible .
The agreement holds in two ways : by means of rigour and flexibility .
That is the whole problem , because since 1995 and the <unk> agreements , the WTO has been living by a major underlying principle : the systematic opening of the markets and the doctrine of global free trade which are supposed to give everyone , in all circumstances , maximum profit .
Why ?
I am standing in for my colleague , Commissioner Nielson , who would have liked to have been able to respond himself .
Also , because Amsterdam alone has not resolved the problem , since economic and monetary matters were excluded from the negotiations .
As socialists , we do not share the idea that water is an economic commodity , which excludes its social and cultural character , and we think that the protection and defence of water should not be guided by the rules of the market economy .
I therefore call upon Commissioners Liikanen and Busquin to show much more ambition in this matter .
We support neither of these two points of view , because it seems to us essential to preserve the principle of relative stability , by which each country has a fixed percentage of total annual catches , and by which each country itself <unk> the fishing rights to the fishermen .
Firstly , European information campaigns must not interfere with national electoral campaigns .
Agriculture , Mr President , has to meet the demands of its customers .
In addition to the serious harm that they know they have to suffer , there is also the fact that , unfortunately , being elderly , they more than other people are more likely to be the targets of the criminal acts which , throughout the European Community , are sadly being perpetrated by many people who illegally enter the Union and then commit them once they are in .
Its characteristics vary according to the country ; in Portugal , for example , killing the <unk> was first prohibited in <unk> .
This is particularly the case in areas such as asylum policy and combatting crime .
Everyone today agrees that for transporting people and goods over short and medium distances , the railway is an instrument of the future more than ever before .
The question has been raised as to whether European action in this field adds any value .
The latter is particularly important as , following conciliation , one party was clearly the <unk> , namely the Commission .
I am also convinced that the transfer of the vessels must only be one part of our efforts .
I also welcome the fact that , in its report , the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection has tightened up its demand for absolutely comprehensible and easily accessible data so that the public is kept informed at all times about air quality and any pollution problems stemming from dangerous emissions .
We shall carefully scrutinise it , to see how serious the Commission really is about fighting fraud .
Just think of BSE or dioxin , and you will know what I mean .
The Commission therefore accepts that the use of genetically modified organisms and products derived <unk> does not reflect the current expectations of consumers regarding <unk> produced agricultural products and foods .
Madam President , I would like to voice my support for the call to reinstate the Herman report on the agenda .
We simply have to include this ; I cannot express it in any other way .
It is also a <unk> rather than a preventive measure , and this is not what this action programme is about .
I applaud the aim of increasing the amount available from the European Union to 300 million ECU by 2000 .
In a difficult negotiating context , and in face of a financial outlook that falls short of what is needed to meet the challenges facing the Union , it would not be fair if the unique nature of the island areas had the paradoxical result of reducing the amount of aid to the ultra-peripheral regions as well as the islands .
We will therefore support Amendments 2 and 4 , which also welcome and encourage a more open and transparent approach .
As you reach the end of your time in the European Parliament , Mr Samland - as I surely am too , since some people are trying to ensure that I leave before my time - I would like to tell you that the system of joint agreements is being changed .
The American administration has assured us that an American intervention in the territory of an EU country would be - and I quote - &apos; inconceivable &apos; .
This is a report in which the guidance role <unk> , since the European Union has no powers in the realm of health policy , which falls within the competence of the Member States .
And we are doing that , we have accepted that .
Israel will become much more secure as the Palestinian economy grows .
And in February Parliament was asked for its opinion on the new loan period .
Indeed , the irregularities noted , both those covered in Mrs <unk> &apos; s report on the questionable management of the Commission , and those underlined in Mrs Rühle &apos; s report on the various European Development Funds , cannot leave anyone indifferent , and necessarily damage the image and credibility of the Community as a whole .
Nor , where the Treaties permit , does it prevent our two institutions listening to each other or doing more to exchange information .
I will not go into that today .
The Council of Ministers has remained silent , and that is once again European asylum policy at its worst .
It is true that we must move forward in the area of the common foreign and security policy and support our currency politically as well , but progress has to be made in the defence of the fundamental values of our Union , and the Charter of Fundamental Rights must reflect this .
I am not speaking <unk> , it is my own native tongue , Irish , which unfortunately is the only official language not included in the Community .
I would remind you that the Commission &apos;s original text provided for a procedure to designate cities of culture based essentially on the quality of the projects put forward .
Mr President , the growing importance of the fair trade sector emphasizes the need for the European Union now to properly assess its institutional and financial arrangements vis-à-vis this sector .
So for goodness &apos; sake , save Europe , by ceasing to offer up <unk> and <unk> ideas to the <unk> of harmonisation .
Let us start with the first requirement : the three <unk> .
During a recent interview , Mr Sharon spelled out his strategic thinking by stating that the war of independence was not over , and I quote &quot; so long as we are not in possession of the entire territory of Israel &quot; .
We have heard Mr <unk> try to pull the <unk> over our eyes .
The undertaking is particularly gratifying because the Commission had adopted a declaration , <unk> to itself the right to declare the Austrian and Danish bans on <unk> gases unlawful .
Mr President , Commissioner , the communication under discussion forms an important introduction to closer cooperation in the field of research .
This sort of political stand , which directly serves the interests of big business , will provoke even greater grass-roots reaction .
And that is exactly what this measure does .
Also , an unreasonable bureaucratic burden would be imposed on companies , if they are to prove that discrimination has not taken place , should there be a complaint .
It is quite clear to me that it is the responsibility of the Commission to closely monitor the evolution of the situation in the Member States according to the procedures and standards that are enshrined in Article 6 and justify the use of Article 7 of the Treaty .
Mr Prodi sets great store by a common defence policy for Europe .
I am bound to remark , as a member of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , that the decision that our committee should undertake this work , much contested by colleagues in other committees , has been more than amply borne out in the practical and pragmatic response that we have had , and I think we have a workable proposal .
This depends on what you mean .
It is possible to do more and better things with the same money .
Furthermore , it is quite certain that the highly desirable exchanges between pupils of all ages throughout the European Union are only of use if the young people involved have full <unk> of their own language .
Digital broadcasting can reach those with <unk> deprivation just as well as it can reach the mass audience .
It was only the negative events which made it a clear possibility , and we were able to move forward .
The rest is simply a <unk> lie kept alive by Heads of Government afraid of their own people .
In today &apos;s Europe <unk> should not be seen as a way of avoiding responsibility , but could instead increase stability and security .
<unk> to exploit the gas and oil resources in the <unk> region should be <unk> up , while , at the same time , production in the <unk> and <unk> Sea regions and the infrastructure for transporting the products out of those regions should be improved in terms of technology .
Every penny is needed for that task , because we must also try to reverse the sins of the past .
Why not have a framework directive , or at least a Commission recommendation , to enable workers and citizens in general to benefit from the different patterns of training , work and leisure ?
Thirdly , there are amendments which stress the voluntary character of the implementation of the European <unk> .
In order to ensure all of these improvements to people ’ s everyday lives , the European Union must champion the best standards and raise their sights and aspire to the success of the Scandinavian countries where gender equality measures are concerned .
No one will be surprised as to how my group votes because , of course , we shall adopt this text , and we shall do so for at least two reasons .
At the same time , the Commission has implemented a series of initiatives , which have just been discussed , and the Council is now to debate what further measures can be implemented .
I support the resolution that we are to vote on tomorrow and I appreciate the constructive approach taken by the Commissioner .
The principle of the mutual recognition of criminal decisions presupposes the reciprocal confidence of Member States in their own criminal justice systems .
It is the famous increase of a penny per stamp , or no increase at all .
Such complicity is a fact and I certainly do not think we can take a few general statements <unk> their authors from <unk> <unk> <unk> as evidence of the conversion to peace and respect for human rights of these <unk> of the international Jihad force present in Europe .
- reject attempts to prevent Community funding for research based on stem cells , in particular embryonic stem cells , taking place in EU Member States that allow this practice ; There is no reason to think so ?
In view of the time constraints , I was unable to mention all the issues I would have liked to refer to .
We held a special meeting of the Committee on Fisheries this week and passed a joint resolution intended to back up our oral question this morning and underpin our concern .
Women are entitled to be safe and to be treated with human dignity .
The European Commission proposal was not sufficiently complete or clear to gain the support of the European Parliament without substantial amendment .
It is to do with creating added value .
First of all , a distinction is made between political competence and technical competence .
Nevertheless , it is a fact that the Member States must not only adapt to this but there must also be a unity of jurisdiction and this is caused above all by the preliminary rulings under article 177 .
If Mr Blak thinks that is sex appeal , he has a more inventive mind than I do and I commend him for it .
We must help a people which , in desperation , lives with and bears the consequences of damaging former government policies , on a daily basis .
I would like in particular to thank the Committee on Women ’ s Rights and Gender Equality , which presented a perfect text from a gender perspective that has been taken up , practically in its entirety , in the compromises and guidelines introduced as amendments .
If we look at exchange rate <unk> and monetary speculation as a sign of the liberalization of capital transactions , then under such circumstances should we in the European Union not be considering , within the framework of the International Monetary Fund , the establishment of a better system of international credit transparency and the possible need for an international credit insurance system ?
We are aware that this mandate must be clear and flexible and must represent added value compared with the current situation , and it must of course comply with the limits laid down by the constitutions of the Member States and the procedural guarantees inherent in European values .
At that point , however , under the dual influence of the compromises so dear to this House and the <unk> <unk> which takes off from confirmed observations into flights of utopian fancy , Mr Turmes report becomes a truly <unk> system , producing absolutely everything but the simple promotion of renewable energies .
With a longer term perspective , provided that the parliamentary accountability of any new body thus created is guaranteed , we can see the benefits of moving towards a more uniform supervisory regime for financial markets .
The Commission &apos; s report was debated extensively at the General Affairs Council of 19 November .
To do so would be to show contempt for the voice of the people , not just in Ireland , but throughout Europe .
I would just like to make a brief point on the vote .
We support the outcome of the conciliation for the second railway package , firstly because it would make for quicker and easier international rail freight services , to the benefit of the environment and of the transfer of freight from road to rail , and secondly because it would emphatically not entail the deregulation of rail passenger services .
We are using and taking seriously environmental analyses of the consequences of these activities wherever we are supporting agriculture .
If , irrespective of the country we come from , we are to call ourselves democrats , we must vigorously condemn what is happening right now and do everything in our power to bring the oppression to an end .
Mr President , on behalf of the Committee on Development and Cooperation , I would like to say that we are against recourse to the urgent procedure , for fundamental and for procedural reasons .
If it does , it will be a welcome addition , but whether it would be agreed by the Council is a different matter .
Our task must be to make sure that the Member States show equal determination to fulfil their part of the bargain .
Unfortunately , a majority in this Parliament convinced others that the vote should not go ahead .
I think we are all familiar with them .
The proposal has two aspects to it which ought to be emphasised .
In other areas , however , this will not apply , so it will not be possible to conclude such an agreement .
Mrs Waddington has shown great commitment in an area that we regard as very important for the future development of the <unk> da <unk> &apos; programme .
<unk> qualifying means cannot suddenly lose their quality as capital resources just because , for instance , the life insurance <unk> organization is subject to a different set of supervisory rules .
We are equally committed to seeing progress in the field of post-conflict situations and , therefore , we support the proposal for a <unk> commission as an instrument that will fill an existing gap between post-conflict situations and long-term sustainable peace .
For this reason I tabled an amendment in the Committee on Regional Policy ( recital R ) , which at least mentions the NGOs in this context .
They are calling for producer prices which cover the cost of production and afford them a profit .
Rather than coming to the opposite conclusion , Mr <unk> not only states that this proves the links between <unk> <unk> and Iraq , but he also adds : &apos; We have already said that this is a fight by civilisation to protect the civilised countries &apos; .
This may also be a way of achieving the internal energy market and may provide a necessary response to the undertakings given in Kyoto .
The intensity of controls has also been improved , so that national control reports are now also required .
Unfortunately , he will not dare to do so because he knows that the Russian response would be to remind him , as Mr Putin did , of the ongoing conflict in the Basque country .
I cannot confirm that , all I know is that it will be impossible to complete this dossier at the Fisheries Council in April .
This document is attempting to do something to improve safety for the lives of the seamen who work in ports .
That means that the subsequently tabled joint motion is regarded as that submitted first and should be put to the vote first .
Therefore , we should look for some flexibility on export quotas .
Although the preceding points of order may all seem rather <unk> , in actual fact they are not .
The <unk> Committee has only agreed to vaccination with the proviso that <unk> , slaughter and disposal remain the most effective means of eradicating the disease .
For that reason , I believe that the necessary funds should be allocated to the budget on the basis of a scientific needs assessment .
You are right , Mrs Quisthoudt-Rowohl , to emphasise that this agreement has been made possible thanks to the hard work during fruitful discussions in which everyone has been involved .
<unk> the problems we had with the ratification and implementation of the Maastricht Treaty , I would remind the presidency , perhaps unnecessarily , that it has a great responsibility here .
But the most immoral aspect here is that the type of production which caused BSE has not been rooted out .
In my homeland of Estonia , widespread literacy has been considered to be elementary since the times of the <unk> League .
This is serious in any event but more so in the light of the Court of Justice ruling last week .
.
On behalf of my group and I am sure , on behalf of all the Members of this House , I should like to wish you the very best for your career and , in particular , to say that your integrity and the respect in which you are held in this House , for the manner in which you have chaired this plenary over many years are without question .
Nor has the Council accepted the establishment of a task force within the Commission to coordinate the different areas , but Mrs de Palacio has given us a certain amount of <unk> on that point .
It is also important to invest money in improving the ecological infrastructures , which are beneficial for the future , as well as to invest money in education , which has a large effect upon employment .
In Somalia , for example , the women are on the spot but the men take the decisions in <unk> , far removed from reality .
The logic of this rule also means that in extreme cases force and violence may be required against people from the age of 14 years .
Cabrol report ( <unk> / 98 ) ‘ <unk> that the political parties should review their party structures and adopt adequate strategies to reach a better balance on women and men in elected assemblies , including positive measures such as quotas , and calls on the Turkish Government to support this ; ’ But there are n &apos;t enough staff to be able to work really efficiently .
We have therefore all shown common sense in finding solutions that will enable us to put an end to uncertainty .
That is what this is about .
This lack of strategy is a fundamental error , and it gives rise to a great many problems .
So we will carry on with the debates .
This is effectively a call for militarisation of the Union and runs totally counter to the goal pursued by a majority of Green Group members , who seek to build a <unk> , <unk> Europe .
This is a budget for 27 Member States .
I shall not repeat them but I would insist on their political importance .
Secondly , we are now making tougher demands of ourselves , and we should be making these same demands of the neighbouring countries as well .
The Russian intellectual <unk> <unk> had , admittedly , written a <unk> book entitled ‘ Will the Soviet Union <unk> Until 1984 ? ’ , in which he <unk> the collapse of the Soviet system , but this seemed to be out of touch with the political reality at the time .
This is the authority responsible for supervising the future <unk> .
It has <unk> Armenia &apos;s strength and is still having a detrimental effect on the country &apos;s development and political stability .
Hundreds of people from her party have either disappeared or been imprisoned .
In fact , one of the scientists involved in the research – Dr David <unk> – has <unk> that <unk> may be some legitimacy in saying the reason they chose to fund this study was that they had another agenda well beyond the health effects . &apos;
This programme is also of great consequence , therefore .
It certainly is not the best time to do so .
But before that , a great many refugees had to die as victims of these criminal networks trading in human beings .
Mr Morris has the floor first , for a supplementary question .
In the meantime , pending the achievement of a satisfactory agreement , a situation of legality must be restored and access to data which violates Community law must be banned .
There were two regulations , one of which has already been adopted by this House .
I must point out , however , that one of these has already been adopted and will enter into force 20 days after its publication , which should be at the end of this month or the beginning of next month .
Last year we established such a plan , which coordinates and links the national plans with the Community in order to achieve coordination .
The most important thing will be the harmonisation of the laws of the Member States , but for now let us content ourselves with this small step forward , as it is a step in the right direction .
This earthquake was fairly strong , <unk> on the <unk> scale .
There are currently two Commission teams in Ethiopia : one from ECHO and one from the Food Security <unk> of our Directorate-General for Development .
On Amendments 46 and 82 , I should provide some further clarification about the daily limit value of <unk> .
Mr President , I have a point about the sitting on Tuesday .
It is also important that we establish the principle of responsible lending , placing special emphasis on the obligations of both <unk> and <unk> .
To that must be added the fact that the people in charge of them are generally quite utterly inadequately trained for the job , that they are subject to too few controls and the penalties applicable are derisory .
In response to Mr Colom i Naval , I would say that now is not the time to deal with the very detailed regulations in the Structural Funds : we will look at them when we draw up specific detailed reports .
The Green group , which supports this programme , supports the idea of concentrating the European Parliament &apos;s action on a few fundamental amendments , particularly those giving body and development to this very important programme .
I would also especially call upon the Council not to forget Turkey , which still holds political prisoners in solitary confinement , when combating torture is discussed .
Finally , in order to transform rural development into a genuine territorial policy , the policy must be consistent with , and integrated with , all of the other Community policies .
But to continue arguing that the rebate is simply <unk> is neither good for Europe nor best for Britain .
I refer to a humanitarian disaster in the areas occupied by Serb refugees .
It may well be the case that richer countries have a higher cofinancing percentage than poor countries .
For the same reason we cannot accept the latter part of Amendment No 38 concerning the support for analysis of the <unk> of Member States &apos; health systems .
This means that a half a million citizens die needlessly in Europe each year because of an addiction to tobacco products .
Mrs van den Burg and Mrs Kauppi referred to the ‘ <unk> ’ report .
Some common ground has come into view ; for example , with regard to the importance attached to access to justice , the development of a coherent strategy in the field of immigration and asylum , the protection of the weaker groups and those suffering from discrimination , or the strengthening of the mechanisms used in the fight against organised crime .
It was finally agreed to allow the two East German shipyards to continue to work under the conditions which had been previously determined .
Does the Council seek further progress in relation to these issues during its six-month period of office ?
Mr President , it has been agreed that the European Council of 22 March will focus on the Lisbon Strategy , which was the subject of our debate this morning , as well as on the Stability and Growth Pact , even if there is still a chance that this issue may be settled before the European Council meets .
It is a very depressing feature of the availability of cheaper cigarettes that it encourages young people to smoke - and especially young <unk> now who are beginning to smoke .
This is very positive as this is how the national parliaments , on which the governments depend , will continue to show that their democratic mandate is indispensable to European construction .
These costs are defined as the total <unk> costs incurred by the employer in the employment of labour ( Article 2 ) .
What if they invest in Asia , Africa or Latin America ?
What we have here is not <unk> &apos; s &quot; brave new world &quot; taking shape , but merely industrial <unk> .
We want open doors , not more walls .
This is not a positive development .
That is why Finland needs an independent mechanism regarding what it itself <unk> as reasonable import restrictions .
But because this particular project is recognized as being one of common interest , depending upon its maturity , the chances of its getting financial support from the Community would be at least as favourable as for comparable projects .
Mr President , earlier this week Parliament had an in-depth discussion about the future of Europe &apos;s railways , and today gives us the opportunity to do the same in regard to <unk> Union shipping .
They believe themselves to be justified in using violent means to bring down the <unk> democratic orders , and believe that they are involved in an <unk> war , designed to protect Islam from Western <unk> and to impose it on the <unk> , as they call them , who do not share these views , attacking even moderate Muslim countries .
At this time , when we perhaps are being a little <unk> with some of the legislation we are bringing forward , I do not want anyone to have to confirm why they have opted to receive , for instance , <unk> <unk> or why they have chosen to get some information from Amnesty International .
The Commissioner told us there is no reason for Parliament to reject the entire agreement .
However , on this issue we would find very little to differ on , and I welcome his comments here this evening .
It was the result of the shock caused by the Nice process .
Because they keep going for split voting on so many articles when there is often only one aspect they want to vote against .
<unk> those problems is all the more urgent in view of the marked spread of cities into the surrounding areas and in view of the cities &apos; historical and cultural role .
There is still a short paragraph which I have not heard , Mr Barroso , on the coordination of the three presidents .
In addition to support for the free media and independent journalists , funds are needed for other purposes , and I shall mention just a few of these .
On the other hand , the situation is unfavourable in the fields of industry , health , public administration , teaching and employment .
But the people take note of these <unk> and will , one day , reject them , or indeed the Western world will come to an end .
We are sincere supporters of a flexible and open internal market in the EU .
The rapporteur has done tremendous work in <unk> out the issues and presenting , certainly within my group , a very clear position .
Thank you , Mr President .
I invite him to contact the Commission so that a meeting can be set up with him .
<unk> is the key word , but it <unk> on the resources and <unk> supplied by the Member States , and those resources are still extremely limited .
However , we did not approve of the report either , because the root of the problem is that , as in many other industries , in art and literature for example , the film industry is , in the current economic hierarchy , simply a <unk> product and that the film industry , as all other industries , has to obey the law of profitability .
Lastly , I must admit to having certain reservations , because there is a risk that the establishment of a new Community agency will result in some overlap of functions and duplication of costs .
Are we to have a Europe of <unk> , governments and <unk> , or the union of citizens to which this constitution has opened the door ?
The previous debate on aid in the event of natural disasters clearly demonstrated what people &apos;s expectations of the European budget are .
From this point of view I wish to compliment the Commissioner , Mr Liikanen , on both his presence and his work .
Its management is so concentrated that it does not work .
The current <unk> system will be given additional capabilities for geographical <unk> with satellites , integrity and <unk> information for its users .
The next item is the statements by the Council and the Commission on the conclusions of the G8 meeting in Genoa .
Mr Solbes has mentioned them : energy , transport and telecommunications .
However , Commissioner , my group believes that this can be only the first step towards harmonization , because it makes no sense within the European Community for some states to have <unk> registration documents and others <unk> documents , with differing legal consequences in the Member States concerned .
If we do not want to see anti-dumping become an instrument of protectionism , and we do not , then we also have to take these measures , once the legal position is clear .
As Mrs McCarthy said , I have had lengthy talks with the British industry - and Mrs McCarthy was present at the time , if I am not mistaken - and I explained that in view of the legal position we cannot do other than impose these anti-dumping measures , knowing full well that those who are dependent on <unk> cotton <unk> as a raw material <unk> outside the EU would naturally be put at a disadvantage by this move .
I should like to express my sincere thanks to him for that and for this annual report .
<unk> speak <unk> than words .
The difference is that in the case of Lebanon there was an agreement , and the troops went in as <unk> because the Lebanese Government and the Israeli Government both accepted it .
Liberals and Democrats agree .
Now the European Union is gradually moving closer towards fulfilling certain of the criteria of a parliamentary democracy , a most important and positive move .
The second and third pillars will not be covered by this regulation and will therefore remain <unk> , to the detriment of citizens &apos; basic fundamental rights .
On the basis of such work , it was agreed that the Commission would present an amended proposal , taking into consideration comments from delegations .
The Commission must also retain the right to carry out checks in relation to <unk> .
What is at the heart of this proposal are workers &apos; legitimate rights to be informed and particularly to be consulted with regard to decisions on the management and organisation of the firm for which they are working .
It is not always just whales and <unk> which the public wants protected , and which attract , without doubt , greater attention from them .
I would like to say once again that the Auto-Oil programme was the breakthrough .
Similarly , the clear case law of the Court of Justice of the European Communities has been <unk> with the misleading <unk> of dividing on-call time into active and <unk> on-call time .
The other statement relates to a much more global problem , because it affects not just two or forty people , but millions of human beings : tomorrow , 1 December , is World Aids Day .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking the members of the Committee on Legal Affairs , and in particular the rapporteur , Mr Anastassopoulos , for their <unk> in examining this important and complex proposal .
Parliament has really hidden behind the <unk> of the Wise Men and has thus let a political opportunity slip .
Mr Leinen is absolutely right in saying this , and a very important next step is to be taken in connection with the ratification and the referendums which will be held in a number of countries .
It is vitally important to economic and social cohesion and therefore to the very core of the European social model that the new regulation was adopted in good time , before the end of the European Parliament &apos;s electoral term .
The citizens in these developing regions see political cohesion as the main element in making the idea of the European Union a worthy idea and I do not agree at all with the view heard in this Chamber that there are no beneficial results from this policy .
The first of these concerns social inclusion .
I hope that the leap , which was unable to take place before the changeover to the euro , to establish a political Europe and a social Europe worthy of their names can take place in future .
I can give you a firm commitment that the Council very much <unk> the rights of refugees .
.
– Mr President , it has been a very long time now since my views <unk> with those of the Commissioner or his predecessor .
President Cox , Prime Minister , ladies and gentlemen , I stand before this House for the last time this year .
I must obey him and I do so with pleasure , in view of the <unk> I have for him .
We <unk> with the reference in Amendment No 13 to the European Year against Racism and with the proposal for mutually beneficial joint action in the first year of the programme &apos;s implementation .
Approval also has to be given to efforts to establish sustainable growth through a whole series of initiatives , including , amongst others , the Lisbon objectives and the major public works programmes that are currently being planned .
Section 14 ( on the revision of the Treaties ) : We consider that unanimity shall prevail when the Treaties are revised in accordance with section 13 a . Thirdly , we will stick to December 2002 as a decisive and binding deadline .
<unk> this idea , beyond our <unk> and an exceptional climate , is the social and economic reality of regions that are among the least developed in the European Union , with the highest levels of unemployment and with huge structural problems that impede our development .
In this , the different actual conditions in the Member States also have to be taken into account .
Thus , if certain people believe that their applications have been treated unfairly , then I am willing to look into this question .
Lastly , there is also administrative liability .
<unk> practices And who cares if they give children <unk> <unk> ?
All <unk> commitments must be delivered upon .
His request was granted , and Mr <unk> sat there and did not protest .
I would like to tell you that this enormous contribution with more than 1 , 000 comments and recommendations is exactly what we were seeking .
<unk> aid for Bulgaria and Romania is then to be <unk> , and the budget for pre-accession aid is then to include Turkey .
These are not my words but the words of children and young people from my country , Ireland , and other EU countries .
We then consulted fellow Members here in the House and looked for ways to safeguard the livelihoods of the persons concerned today and to give their professions a bright future in Europe tomorrow .
I therefore voted for all the amendments which work towards that end .
We note that the UK Government also supports the Conservative position , and we are hopeful that on this occasion Labour MEPs might also accept the instructions of their home government .
Suffice it to say that there was a considerable delay in the use of many of the appropriations , although improvement was apparent at the end of the programming period , obtained purely by <unk> calculation through transferring Objective 2 appropriations to Objective 1 .
In the past the European Union ’ s engagement with countries outside the European Union to combat illegal immigration has frankly not been effective enough .
Therefore it is important that one has a unit in prisons where the prisoners themselves can make a choice against drugs .
This is the kind of institutional reform that the Commission is advocating !
Consequently , on behalf of the <unk> / <unk> Popular of Portugal , we welcome the Commission proposal , although we agree to a large extent with the criticism made by the rapporteur , Mrs Torres Marques , who considered it to be rather ineffectual and lacking in ambition .
Finally , the ?
U is currently examining its position and its strategy for the forthcoming <unk> Assembly of the UN Commission on Human Rights .
The European Commission has proposed a package in the field of agriculture which represents a great effort for the Union and probably much more for certain Member States .
The war in Afghanistan was pretty much an <unk> test for Pakistan , and I believe that it was only the current regime , the <unk> regime , that made the <unk> coalition possible in Pakistan at all .
We also need to be concerned in our own country with sterling , and indeed with all the other major currencies of the world .
European integration must involve the people and not the institutions .
In its conclusions at the end of April , the Council then asked the Commission to submit a proposal for a set of rules covering the aforementioned products in line with these scientific findings .
We have thus come to the end of the cycle of important deadlines that I presented to you on 17 January 1995 .
Lithuania has achieved robust long-term economic growth approaching 10 % of the GDP .
Kosovo should have been on the table at Dayton , as this would have been the only way for Milosevic to learn that we are intent on seeing that people are not treated in the way they have been for years in Kosovo .
You are aware how dangerous counterfeiting is for industry in European countries and for consumer health , apart from causing the exploitation of child labour to produce <unk> goods .
No discussion of this nature is ever complete without some reference to the role of the arms trade , and when we talk of major humanitarian disasters , very frequently the arms trade is mentioned and we believe , in the REX committee , that it is essential that the European Union should take steps to establish a code of conduct for the arms trade in regions of countries where obvious tensions exist and conflict is either imminent or under way .
Mr President , I have requested the floor first and foremost to express my full support for the resolution that has been tabled by the various groups and for the battle which I hope the European Parliament and the entire European Union will wage firmly and resolutely on this matter .
I understand the importance of institutional reforms , but I would also like to express the opinion of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism on the issues which we must tackle in relation to the Intergovernmental Conference .
Instead , we need to consider whether tasks that are not closely related to OLAF ’ s specific area of expertise should be moved back to the sectoral directorates-general .
In this second phase of the <unk> programme , the Commission proposes to shift the focus from building infrastructure to coordination and support , with special regard to improving cost efficiency .
But the fault lies with the companies - for the most part international companies - which produced the contaminated feed .
Finally , despite the problems therefore , I welcome the very positive approach taken by the rapporteur .
If we are to achieve a balance , a concrete action plan with a definite timetable is required .
Some take the view that the old Stability Pact was so good that it did not need to be changed .
What is ambitious for the United Kingdom and Spain , is not for Germany or Austria .
I do not believe this is compatible with the spirit in which the European Union was founded , which is also incompatible ?
and I say this respectfully - with certain <unk> which we saw yesterday here in the <unk> .
The Council denied this Parliament the right to submit an amendment on the national face because it was alleged to have nothing to do with technical specifications .
I quote , ‘ the Convention must provide for a clear engagement , in unambiguous terms , by which States commit to uphold the objectives of this Convention in other fora , notably by abstaining from liberalisation commitments on culture in the context of international trade agreements ’ .
Had it done so , all 14 Member States would have felt <unk> , having already conceded much to achieve a common position .
Growth must be accompanied by structural measures which will create more flexibility in the labour market .
The second proposal deals with the strengthening of the surveillance and coordination of budgetary positions under Article 103 ( 5 ) of the Treaty .
Mr President , I would like to start by saying how necessary it is to lay the foundations for a policy shared by all the Member States on immigration strategies , on combating illegal immigration and therefore on a common definition of the right to asylum too .
I also welcome his comments .
We need to show some understanding for the Czech Government , which has few alternatives for meeting its energy needs .
Naturally , the European Parliament must be the decisive factor in the democratic process , and it must participate in decisions pertaining to legislative issues in the European Union .
I fully support the report by our colleague and first Vice-President , <unk> Fontaine .
The first idea is that the results of this revision of the Convention , and of the <unk> compromise on the financial protocol arrived at by the Member States , are disappointing .
I fear that there is a degree of confusion in the candidate countries over what the European Union really is , over its fundamental objectives and what it means to have a will to live together whilst <unk> to sovereignty being genuinely delegated .
<unk> into force requires ratification by 55 parties representing at least 55 % of the CO2 emissions in 1990 of the industrialised countries .
On the other hand , I am pleased that the proposals on the unilateral order on information production and the proposals on the conditions governing the implementation of this order have been adopted , in particular the reasonable period of notice .
In Denmark , we have this problem close to home in the <unk> border area , where even the title given to the cooperation has created difficulties .
The European Union and the United States of America had reached consensus on a joint bid to lower agricultural trade barriers and subsidies , and an agreement on the introduction of generic drugs to improve medical care in the developing countries had been made .
Many , through no fault of their own , are tragically forced into <unk> as a result .
Russia is one example ; the countries of the Mediterranean region are others .
By agreeing to a feasibility study , we shall be taking an important first step towards a European <unk> .
We know that the &quot; vast majority of existing chemicals - that have been on the market for at least 20 years - have never been properly tested &quot; and we discover that certain serious diseases are on the increase and that &quot; a link between these diseases and exposure to chemicals is likely &quot; .
The scheme is , in fact , being <unk> up at the end of this year .
We need to respond to the wishes and needs of the citizens , which was what we were charged to do at Laeken and where we have , unfortunately , currently failed the test .
If this were so , it would truly be an <unk> way of <unk> the precautionary principle which we are attempting to implement here .
I would ask you to note that the correct version is the English version .
The President cut the Commissioner off I hope that the increasing liberalisation of transport will be accompanied by development guarantees for the disadvantaged regions .
On the other hand , I am concerned about some of the content of the agreement .
The <unk> high oil price <unk> global economic growth , and I can only emphasise what Commissioner Almunia said , that the main reason for price increases , namely international speculation , must be dealt with .
I should honestly like someone to explain this to me in good faith , not hidden behind the interests of certain groups or companies , but on the basis of the rules of common sense .
The review we are proposing today attempts to update the development of this system and add new priority projects which respond to the problems of the challenges which our common transport policy has raised in recent years .
But I am afraid the evidence is that the approach so far has not made significant progress in ending the practices which are so <unk> in developing countries .
In drafting this opinion for the forthcoming debate , including that with the Commission , I and the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs were concerned primarily with five particular points .
That will need to be determined case-by-case and <unk> .
<unk> , a number of Spanish <unk> went on to be members of the French Resistance .
We are absolutely opposed to this solution .
In paragraph 14 , letter s , where it refers to attention to the care needs of those in rural communities , I would add &apos; &apos; and mountain communities &apos; &apos; .
The financing costs issue - the third point raised by Mr Collins - is central to the project development .
On the other hand , we have the processes .
Despite your efforts , Commissioner , the planned framework decision on the matter has not yet been formally presented and , in its initial discussions , the Council has proved to be extremely divided over the need for and content of harmonised rights of defence .
We believe in Europe , while it seems that others have started the process of breaking up the Union .
I regret that we are unable to meet Mr <unk> today in Parliament but , on the other hand , I believe that he has made the right choice in these difficult times of ensuring that he takes the negotiations in the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia forward towards a peaceful solution .
– The debate is closed .
As has already been said , it gives the impression that the only reason for this new reform is the demands of future WTO negotiations .
The issue is not just a matter for Schengen .
My group supports Mr Pittella and Mr <unk> , who have presented a very courageous and innovative draft budget to the European Parliament , and I would ask them to maintain their positions at second reading and conciliation .
Our first concern is whether there is sufficient coherence in the work being done ; whether the strategies , plans and <unk> are being followed .
That is why the Committee on Fisheries held a hearing and saw that the priorities for the industry were supply , continued employment , the environment , food safety , imports and also the consequences of enlargement .
As the Finance Ministers were unable to make their recommendation until yesterday evening , an extraordinary sitting of Parliament had to be called this Saturday morning .
I believe the most appropriate way to describe it would be as a political action involving continuous requests to Member States and accession candidates .
Germany , France , Italy and Portugal again recorded relatively high deficits .
I would ask the Commissioner urgently whether he is prepared to undertake a technical review of this communication .
If it wants to convince third countries that its <unk> values are sound , the European Union must teach by example before teaching lessons .
They themselves have the key to this solution .
Mr President , it seems clear that there are two main players involved in this game .
We cannot lose sight of the fact that it is necessary to determine which emergency operations are essential for the <unk> of the infrastructures and equipment affected , as laid down in the Regulation .
I regard that decision that this House has taken today as utterly irresponsible .
It is one of the most important recommendations which the Committee of Wise Men have made .
The operation of these bodies is joint yet distinct , complementary but without their powers overlapping and becoming confused , and with absolute respect for the independence of the European Ombudsman .
Thanks in particular to Parliament , we now have one instrument for working towards one goal : ensuring that 14 customs administrations can work as one .
I can tell you that the Commission is committed to reviewing and analysing the feasibility of additional legislation to support the <unk> action plan .
For the individual European , it is a plan that would , therefore , have no great significance at all from a financial point of view but that would be pregnant with <unk> , since everyone would thus be made aware of the portion of his or her tax devoted to European integration .
Madam President , Mr <unk> – Office of the Council , somewhat overshadowed by the dramatic events in the Middle East , there is , in <unk> , a <unk> dictator who has <unk> the world for decades .
I hope even at this late stage that the governments concerned - including my own - might see sense and help us put in place a sensible piece of legislation to reinforce the point that flexibility can actually be a positive concept for both employers and workers .
Unfortunately , that is not yet the case in the United Kingdom .
I support this report , Mr President , and I hope that it will be adopted at first reading .
Your support will therefore be crucial in the coming months , which will see the enlarged Europe enter its constitutional phase , the <unk> point of the long process that was begun by the founding fathers with the Treaties of Paris and Rome and which should lead us to ever closer union between our states and our citizens .
EMU is not a construction to be <unk> with the seven <unk> of the world .
The Green Group has maintained that accession negotiations should be held with all three Baltic states simultaneously , in order to promote <unk> political and economic development in the area and to avoid endangering the fragile cooperation process .
Nevertheless I endorse both reports .
People will be none the wiser , because we do not have labelling .
The ECB , the Commission and the national authorities will therefore have to adopt a series of measures , some of which have already been mentioned .
This evidence , <unk> during the 1996 European Year of Lifelong <unk> , and the results of the very wide consultations carried out on the White Paper , strongly suggest the need for further action .
For at the end of the day there ought in fact to be more communication between the Council of Europe and ourselves , not less .
Obviously , this relates to both the period during which the World <unk> Cup takes place and the period that follows : measures such as these cannot stop in July 2006 .
And is it possible to comment as of now on what the basis in EU law will be for the various parts of the Schengen acquis ?
This is more than just a fundamental change in the world of work ; it is a catastrophe .
Climate change , as has been mentioned , will obviously play a major role at this summit , which takes place just prior to the ministerial part of the Kyoto climate conference and , difficult as it seems , it must be our common aim to bring Kyoto to a successful conclusion .
Things will not be the same after 11 September , as many others have said .
That is certainly something which should be addressed and , I believe , is addressed by the amendments which the Commission is tabling .
We could talk about the lack of legislation to control a medium like the Internet which is used for the most degrading purposes .
But we hope too that the Romanian Government will give greater prominence to the needs to the lower <unk> of society in Romania .
Thirdly , is it not clear that investments made by dealers are in danger , and the smaller the <unk> the greater the danger is , which would increase the market share for the large dealers , thereby working against the objectives of the Commission ?
– <unk> van den Bos , on behalf of the ELDR Group , on Nigeria ( <unk> / 2004 ) ; Would the Council further agree that the adoption of such a framework decision would send a positive signal to our ethnic minorities in the European Union , particularly the Muslims , who feel under a lot of pressure in our continent at the moment ?
Thirdly , with regard to driving licences for heavy goods vehicles , if we were to follow the outcome of the Committee on Transport and Tourism , gradual access to heavy goods vehicles would even apply up to the age of 24 years .
Mr President , in recent weeks , the Burmese regime has committed yet another appalling act : the Sakharov <unk> , Aung San Suu Kyi , who has been denied freedom of movement , was not even able to see her own <unk> before his death .
Ladies and gentlemen , it is an honour and a pleasure to welcome to Parliament the President of the Republic of Bulgaria , Mr <unk> <unk> , who has taken his seat in the official gallery .
We must also have successfully <unk> Europe , which necessarily means proclaiming new <unk> , not only in economic and cohesion policies , but also in common defence policy .
We need to ensure as far as we can that freight is removed from our roads and is placed onto alternative means of transport .
This report aims to assist in that process .
It is a great pity that the success that we had hoped for is still to be achieved .
<unk> were made by Mr <unk> <unk> and others regarding initiatives intended to improve the situation .
The world also needs rules and standards ; competition alone is not enough , although our main aim with the WTO process is the more efficient organisation of trade .
They will in fact lose more in <unk> aid than we are preparing to give them to assist in their transition from this .
Secondly , how would the Council explain these increasing budget balances being returned to the Member States with a rate of use of own resources now practically of 1 % rather than the theoretical 1.27 % ?
Better solutions , both politically and legally , can be found , and Mrs <unk> is dealing with your concerns .
It may therefore act as an incentive to optimise energy consumption by increasing energy efficiency and by reducing the emission of pollutants into the air and the overall generation of waste .
After much <unk> I too will oppose Amendment No 2 as I realise this would pose problems to the Council by considerably reducing the application of the directive .
In that way , the present dual system , in which expenditure is converted on the basis of one or other of the conversion rates , will be abolished .
It can only work if we really want to invest in consistent work and involve ourselves with the utmost <unk> .
However , enforcement remains weak .
Thank you Commissioner .
Whatever the result of Thursday &apos;s vote may be , it will not be binding , as agriculture is still not yet subject to codecision , a situation which , it is to be hoped , will soon change .
This would be advantageous overall to the economy of the EU , although naturally it would be subject to the recipient country in question being happy to receive it .
- Mr President , on 4 November I had the honour to announce here the publication of the first set of regular reports on the 12 candidate countries that are progressing towards EU membership .
We note that the situation is changing every day .
It is a matter of creating a balance between freedom of expression and cultural services on the one hand , and preventing illegal content such as <unk> child pornography and incitement to violence and hatred on the other .
Accordingly , the Commission wants to ensure that the conditions laid down in paragraph 4 are met in such cases .
<unk> do not have the means to directly inform the competent authorities of the side effects of medicinal products , and doctors are not obliged to do so .
It should <unk> now , and this assembly should reject this directive .
As a result , in April and July 2005 Poland received experts ’ visits by representatives of the European Commission who looked into the issue of the <unk> and <unk> market in Poland and drew up a report .
We must involve them , and then the Centre will be able to perform a genuinely effective and productive part - and we must monitor this - in the fight against drugs .
We will thereby complete the historic process of passing from our countries each having their own currencies to sharing the same currency within the Economic and Monetary Union .
I think it is something which <unk> us not only with the socialists but with everyone in this <unk> , but that is not why I am pleased not to be checked .
Would it now be prudent to establish a central European register for suicide cases so that an EU-wide analysis of data could take place ?
I would say that we are dealing with an area where Member States seem rather small .
Madam President , this is the first time that the Committee on Petitions has presented a resolution to the House which is a direct result of requests from the citizens of the European Union .
The second reason is the need to act more firmly once the Iraq war has taken place , because we must make it abundantly clear that the danger at the moment in the world is the aggressive behaviour of the United States .
That is what would happen in the business community - the company would be closed .
One major question is that of how we care for rural areas and keep them alive .
I should like to do the same now .
This situation is not currently to be found - although there is cooperation between parties in the whole of Europe , the Green Federation for example .
Given the seriousness of the threat and the reality of Madrid , I would repeat last year &apos;s appeal that the European Union will need to map out the problem in all its dimensions and should draft a strategy to prevent this religious extremism .
It is not the intention of the proposal to intervene in town and country planning , but to give the planning authorities an instrument which they can integrate into their decisionmaking process with a view to improving it by providing a means of identifying , assessing and taking account of environmental effects .
The Commission can also show that considerable progress has been made in these areas .
Therefore we could not go along with the proposal to simply incorporate the resources and the expenditure into Chapter III , internal policies of the budget , and to delete any reference to earmarked revenue .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr President-in-Office , I must say that I can see an astonishing transformation .
The European Union has condemned this new <unk> of violence in a statement made in its name , on 17 October last , by the Irish presidency .
Their opinions are an integral part of the report .
Thirdly , we must examine in depth what is happening in our area .
On the contrary , only if you take specific measures to promote social integration , only if you develop the full potential of people in Europe and get them into work , will you have any chance of putting Lisbon &apos;s demanding agenda into practice .
Thank goodness for that and I am glad to see such wisdom .
.
– Mr President , Commissioner , Madam President-in-Office of the Council , right up to the present day , the enlargement of the European Union has been the most successful aspect of its foreign policy , for it was a means of extending the area of stability and peace in Europe , and also of further advancing the cause of peace , freedom , human rights and the rule of law .
Mr <unk> , I am sorry that I must say that so sharply .
I therefore move that this debate be adjourned now and that we proceed to the next item on the agenda .
Finally , there was the failure to recover ECU 170 m from Spain for the <unk> of milk quotas in 1989 .
I think this consultation is essential in view of the importance of the ERDF in <unk> regional imbalances .
The creation of equal opportunities requires positive measures , as well , especially in order to combat indirect discrimination .
Mr Khanbhai expressed very well what this is all about on the ground , and also the frustration that we all feel about not being able to move from words to deeds fast enough so as to be able to stop all the violence that is taking place .
With great difficulty , unless we make some radical changes .
The paradox of tougher technical measures is that they will prejudice those who respect them and make those who continue to catch young fish in breach of the fishing regulations more competitive .
I cannot , therefore , support the amendments advocating a greater or lesser degree of price reductions for milk as a <unk> for reform .
That would be devastating .
At national level , never enough emphasis can be placed upon the disastrous consequences of the socialist periods in France , which set rational public <unk> back years by <unk> the belief that increased spending could be accompanied by less effort , with people on a 35 hour working week and <unk> at the age of 60 , having contributed to their pensions for only a limited period .
Her judgement can be <unk> .
Mr President , we believe that the comments the Commissioner can make today are important and , above all , we want him to know that he can count on our concern , our support and our desire for this Round to once again become a process geared towards a more prosperous and cooperative humanity in the future .
However , it is in great demand as an honest broker to bring about economic progress and peaceful cooperation .
Herman report ( <unk> / 96 ) Since 1957 , the Treaty establishing the European Economic Community has contained provisions designed to guarantee the free movement of workers within Community territory .
Mr President , the escalation of force in Nepal is an unacceptable threat to stability in the entire region of the <unk> .
I believe that this is a balanced decision , which allows us to combine support for a regional airport , which – I repeat – provides stimulus and economic activity for a region .
The reason was that the European Committee for <unk> ( <unk> ) had not yet completed work to standardise the construction and use of tanks and <unk> .
I should like to discuss the three factors which I think are at the root of the crisis in Europe today .
Mr President , I would also like to give my support for all the praise of Mrs Hautala , who has worked very hard on this matter .
I fully agree that the effects of air pollution are serious and the strategy must ensure further substantial improvements .
I am ready to provide further details of the <unk> review if needed .
The report is unclear regarding whether treaty changes should only be based on the outcome of the Convention and whether future conventions need to approve possible changes by intergovernmental conferences to the conventions &apos; recommendations .
Speaking for myself , I have never worked less than a <unk> week and I do not intend to start doing so .
In order to ensure that consumers are not misled , guarantees must contain precise and transparent information , including a statement that a given guarantee does not affect the statutory rights of the consumer .
The situation posed a threat to the country &apos;s legal framework and its territorial integrity , but both of these were preserved .
The concept of a social Europe is a <unk> product which is far removed from the real world .
What about the additional cost of this project both for the taxpayer and for the <unk> ?
This is why solidarity is needed towards the <unk> and the Palestinian people .
I therefore wish to ask the Council if it does not view this as sufficiently serious to apply the human rights clauses that form part of the agreements with Lebanon .
The elections in Zimbabwe have been both a victory and a defeat for Mugabe .
That is a great challenge and one in which Mr <unk> deserves our full support .
Mr President , Mrs De <unk> &apos;s report is the first to succeed in showing a certain respect for human rights within the European Union , and I should like to thank her for that .
Madam President , unfortunately in Colombia today violence is a law <unk> itself .
Community financial support for renewable energy sources is provided mainly from the programmes <unk> and <unk> .
Mr Brinkhorst , you are right .
This would be disastrous .
So we asked Mr Duisenberg that question : would he also be a candidate for the European Central Bank ?
That caused indignation among many Members .
But this is still too rare , and getting help where it is needed fast still requires a great deal of effort on the part of our officials to cut their way through bureaucratic <unk> .
However , it is our duty to express our full and total support for the decisions taken in the <unk> agreement on 18 April 2002 with a view to setting up a reconciliation government and , more importantly , making provision for fresh consultations , this time , <unk> , with the <unk> people .
That position can be ascribed to the fact that , while only countries with derogations can use the facility , with enlargement the eventuality could arise repeatedly .
The eight amendments we put before the Committee on Economic Affairs , and which were subsequently approved , <unk> from these arguments and form the basis of our legislative proposal .
.
The Union &apos; s delegation stated , amongst other things , that the European Union &apos; s assistance would be conditional upon all the Afghan groups unreservedly applying the spirit and the letter of the <unk> Agreement , the objective of which is the creation of a <unk> , <unk> , <unk> government committed to acting in favour of sex equality and improving the situation of women .
<unk> &apos; liability In this respect the EU has passed a practical test with good marks .
I drive around in an <unk> car with security .
We need to take a positive position on the way forward .
This is scandalous .
There is no admission that this area is one of the largest <unk> of raw materials in the world and that many multinational interests are focused on this area .
In the course of recent years and through the presentation of annual reports , we have been able to see the increasingly visible affirmation of this still young institution and the increasingly consistent and productive results of its worthy activity .
Mr President , I will speak very briefly .
It would seem that , on such a complex report , there is one phrase which has hit on one of the current provisions of our Rules of Procedure which concerns Rule 108 .
Those of you who have looked at the report will know that she withdrew her original explanatory statement .
Your initiative was certainly timely .
Amendments Nos 4 and 15 are unacceptable because they do not belong in the intended <unk> .
This point is in part addressed in Amendment No 4 .
Madam President , of course it is important that financial checks are made on the operation of the Structural Funds .
I begin by offering my warmest thanks to Mrs Aglietta , the rapporteur , who has done an excellent job in clarifying the so-called comitology issue which , in terms of the procedures of the European Union really is <unk> science .
There will need to be further cuts in TACs this Christmas .
With regard to the next step , the Council launched the accession partnership with Croatia on 20 February ; this partnership will set out the priorities that need to be met en route to accession .
The report deals with the protection of families and children .
There is little chance of <unk> them .
The resolutions we have adopted at each sitting - <unk> since January 1995 - the inclusion of clauses on human rights in the majority of agreements with third countries , the insistence with which we call on the Commission and the Council to include human rights in their actions and policies , all these are <unk> and encouraging efforts .
I think that we really cannot approve the <unk> as envisaged at present , because it amounts to deliberate deception , and I have tabled an amendment about this .
In effect , a good father must indeed take into account the safety of his children , but he must also realise that they cannot be wrapped in cotton <unk> .
In the week ending 16 June , US reserves of crude oil rose by 1.4 m <unk> to <unk> m <unk> .
A good starting point , it is true , but no more than that .
I would like to speak up once again about public emergency services .
What is at issue here is the knowledge-based society , involving research , education and health care .
For years Parliament has been calling for greater efficiency , compatibility and higher productivity .
If you do , you will achieve a great majority in this House , enabling the European Union to be in a stronger position when it goes to the donors &apos; conference and us to take on a great deal of responsibility in a constructive way .
Given all these uncertainties , I think , Commissioner and Mr Lamfalussy , that we must urgently send European public opinion and society a clear political message .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , many things have been said in the previous speeches to which I will not return .
Mr <unk> , Mr Barroso , we do not blame you for getting us into this mess , but we look to you for leadership in getting us out .
What we need is not only increased investment and the confidence of the business community , but also the confidence of the population at large .
Whilst aircraft move around the European Union , airports clearly do not and therefore airport noise charges and related land planning issues are matters for Member States under the principle of subsidiarity .
However , it is also quite clear that for a global climate change regime to be truly effective , we need broader participation than the Protocol currently offers .
In order to function , the market needs rules .
Of course it goes without saying that <unk> decisions about frequency policy have to be made by the European Parliament and the Council .
The Government of the People ’ s Republic of China , however , even imposes strict controls on religious practices and places of <unk> .
Moreover , I am encouraged by Parliament &apos;s recommendation for second reading .
That is why limiting the categories of offences to 32 was a good idea in the initial stage .
In its proposed form , however , this proposed directive leads to many risks , many of which have already been mentioned .
I trust that the voters will not demand to know who is responsible for the cost of the report given that , as well as <unk> observations , I have noted the presence of obvious remarks , various &quot; <unk> of the wheel &quot; and a wide use of our own documents .
That is the truth , and the ideals of freedom and democracy have little to do with it : 49 million Ukrainians are the victims of this situation .
This is not an appropriate use of European assistance .
The biggest problem of the whole idea of environment is implementation and integration .
Mr President , I wonder if we have to put up with this <unk> <unk> of <unk> for much longer ?
The Convention &apos;s efforts to bring about a uniform decision-making structure based on codecision and the Community model within a combined <unk> treaty &apos; amount to important changes with a view to democratising the EU &apos;s decision-making process and making it easier to grasp .
The question remains concerning the stage at which the duty-free zones must be abolished .
I believe that this applies generally to this type of legislation .
We have a <unk> 50 note which is worth about EUR 80 , but that is very rare .
Indeed , the proposal for a directive was submitted in its present form after much thought , with the intention of balancing the interests of the various Member States : those wishing the directive to apply to all types of companies and those standing to lose a considerable amount of tax revenue following the abolition of <unk> tax ; those wishing this directive to be closely linked with the other elements of the package and those wishing it to be taken in isolation .
I consider that far too dangerous .
The criticisms made by the regional fisheries sector reflected the great anxiety that prevails in that sector at present .
It is clear that we need more innovation in Europe ; it is very clear the SMEs are the <unk> ; it is even clearer that we are in favour of free competition ; it is also very clear that State aid is an exceptional instrument .
Everything was agreed in the Maastricht Treaty , then long drawn-out negotiations on the convention caused delays , and now the project has become bogged down in ratification procedures in the national parliaments .
Procedures relating to composition and reporting mechanisms , and to the frequency and timing of formal WTO meetings , must be subordinate to this goal .
However , as I have said , we do not believe that including the proposed amendment is the best method .
<unk> report ( <unk> / 2000 ) In fighting corruption and misuse , it is also necessary to defend Parliament &apos;s dignity and the good example of those who fulfil their duty as representatives of the people .
Mr President , I have been informed that Mr Gawronski spoke a few minutes ago in condemnation of the fact that a press conference was organised - I organised it myself - on freedom of information , in which a book was discussed which Mr Gawronski describes as <unk> .
This will enable the Community &apos;s inland waterway transport enterprises to have free access to all intra-Community traffic , with no discrimination based on nationality or home port .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 2002 ) by Mrs van den Burg , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive on working conditions for temporary workers ( COM ( 2002 ) 149 - <unk> / 2002 - 2002 / <unk> ( COD ) ) .
That translates into more legal certainty , more confidence and an increase in e-commerce within the European Union .
I repeat that this is one of the key topics of the next informal meeting of the ministers responsible for immigration , which will take place at the end of this month in Luxembourg .
Amendments Nos 9 and 21 were particularly hostile to the interests of the Irish milk chocolate industry as indeed were many other amendments .
That is where the decision was taken .
<unk> for and caring about the environment are thus not recent phenomena .
We are particularly concerned about the Andean area , Central America and the Caribbean .
The EU has fully supported this demand .
The fourth series of measures involves air safety .
The population has everything to do with this .
In this , the Commission explains its view of how these issues must be worked with , that is to say that both short- and long-term approaches are required .
It is detrimental to every peace effort that the international community is allowing Sharon constantly to violate international rules .
Since 15 <unk> remain , you may ask a question if you wish , Mrs <unk> .
Sports federations and governments should be able , if they so wish , to take appropriate measures to protect the clubs that develop young talent .
As regards catch potential , according to the experts , we are reaching the limit and it is therefore right that the European Parliament and the Commission are attempting to put a limit on fishing , to manage catches in a sustainable way and to stamp out destructive forms of fishing .
And I would call on the Commission , when it is making proposals in future , to ensure that the law applies to everyone .
They further provide for a consultation mechanism for partners to <unk> information about <unk> of export licences and requiring a partner to consult the denying partner before coming to a decision on whether to issue an export licence for essentially the same goods to the same <unk> .
As already stated , this does not require harmonisation ( a word we need to use with discretion because it <unk> up incorrect associations in certain Member States ) so much as coordination .
Let us have a look at some of those barriers .
Let us have specialised institutions for guaranteeing women ’ s rights both within the government institutional system and outside it .
I would welcome any support the leader of negotiations can offer at the Intergovernmental Conference .
This is only possible , however , if - for a change - we opt for actually reducing the distance between ourselves and our electorate .
Madam President , I would like to endorse the point made by Mrs Lynne .
That is John Purvis &apos; message and I would like to endorse it .
I should have liked to have wished him a <unk> Christmas and New Year .
For the same reasons that we have a negative attitude to the proposals to establish special registers of convicted sex offenders ( Amendments Nos 21 , 30 and 32 ) , we do not consider Amendment No 24 to be politically desirable .
In a small market like Sweden &apos; s , with relatively concentrated ownership , harmonising the level at which offers must be made at 30 per cent will create problems , and we are demanding greater flexibility .
Finally , it is clear that in any case I will have to offer an explanation for any decision I take and I must of course offer it to Parliament .
That is the good I have to report .
The non-proliferation of nuclear weapons and of weapons of mass destruction is in the balance .
The purpose of the two proposals that you are considering today is to introduce further simplifications of these administrative constraints , so that there is a further reduction in the burden of declaration for companies .
I would therefore urge you , ladies and gentlemen , to endorse this position of the Committee , which has been unanimously adopted , in tomorrow &apos; s vote and to also ensure that corresponding decisions are taken in the budget votes .
What is more , the European Union has explicitly restricted its admission requirements to compliance with the Copenhagen criteria .
Such are the essential elements of what we need , and of what will enable us to organise and manage a Union of 25 or even more Member States in an orderly fashion .
A second point emphasises the importance of ‘ maintain &#91; <unk> &#93; the level of public support for agriculture ’ and the significance of creating ‘ conditions that will guarantee employment ’ and so forth .
It is therefore important and essential that you provide help in the implementation of this project , that you directly release financial resources to assist those regions which do not have the money for cofinancing .
You will not resolve this crisis with less Europe .
EU directives should essentially aim to establish goals , not to rule on details and describe the way to achieve those goals .
I believe that the conclusions of the summit contain a passage on <unk> cooperation .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , though we are dealing with the resolution on Tunisia today , that is not because the situation in Tunisia is particularly bad .
Their real aim was to moderate and <unk> the new CAP &apos; s disastrous consequences and the <unk> of small and <unk> farmers , and not to develop the rural areas or retain the agricultural population therein as was <unk> declared in their objectives .
With the programme ’ s help , 29 precisely defined goals were meant to be achieved .
Mr President , I just wanted to say that the Minutes are excellent with regard to my comment and that I hope that you ask the President to put my comment into action .
In the debate on 1 July you announced that there would be more cooperation between the Member States and the Commission to tighten the controls on <unk> .
The <unk> ( we are now conducting almost 400 of these ) cost a lot in terms of money and work , and are , of course , difficult to control from Brussels .
The negotiations which took place as part of the so called Uruguay Round made a significant step in this direction .
The Commission is fully aware of these challenges , both as regards the system ’ s development , and concerning the preparation of its legal base .
With this in mind , the Commission is now proposing that <unk> seats , for which there are as yet no effective restraint systems , should be permitted only in buses used in urban and <unk> regular traffic , there being , in the Commission ’ s view , no particular danger to the persons using such seats .
It is incumbent upon us to take these matters up with the Malaysian authorities and make them understand .
Since then there has been joint training with Libya on border <unk> and work on improving on search and rescue techniques .
I would therefore ask you to call my question again .
We abstained on paragraph 6 , which is critical of the use of unanimity in the Third Pillar , and paragraph 8 , which calls for co-decision for Third Pillar decisions .
The proposals aimed at strengthening the status of the Secretary-General of the Council are clearly unacceptable , unless , in the matter of the external representation of the Union we wish to be treated in the same way by our partners and our Commissioners and members of the <unk> also to be received by an official .
.
How do we handle derogations in the Member States for the <unk> column , fats and so on ?
If Mrs Randzio-Plath or any other Member of this Parliament then says it is time we changed the comitology decision , I am out of my depth .
There is not the slightest doubt that they can write as they please .
Mr President , this report is intended as a contribution to the revision of the Treaties and as a contribution to a European constitution .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr <unk> &apos;s original report was rejected because when voting on the amendments we realised that the final text was completely incoherent .
<unk> companies have been regulated , medicines for people and animals <unk> , and a range of measures taken in research , dissemination of good practice , education and training .
European Union Member States are now considering how best they can assist in the early implementation of Resolution <unk> as the basis for the <unk> of a multinational humanitarian intervention , taking account of its <unk> mandate and the contributions which can be made by partners - the Organization of African <unk> , African states , the United States , Canada and others .
We all know perfectly well that the free movement of workers is one of the four fundamental freedoms on which the whole idea of the European Community is based .
We know a great deal about Cuba or Iraq , and almost nothing about Ukraine .
There is another reason why rejection is also incomprehensible to me .
It is vital to ensure that young people continue to be involved in the preparation of programmes , and the Commission must see to it that the voice of those participating in programmes makes itself heard in the working parties which decide on programme form and content .
We must point out that , despite any irregularities and organisational weaknesses there may have been , the vote in favour of the constitution would appear at first glance to be positive and may be seen as a first step by Moscow towards a political settlement in Chechnya .
The ‘ percentage of imports ’ criterion cannot be regarded as a threat to our security of supply .
First of all , it is recognised that this primarily concerns national matters .
This translates into very concrete actions : we have recently held two <unk> in India and China on the Clean Development <unk> and <unk> mechanisms .
This would create a network of connections that would allow democracy to exist at local level throughout Albania , and would help overcome the temptation to resort to arms , by establishing a common desire for reconciliation .
Some of my more critical colleagues said that surely the <unk> can be stopped safely , and you can even put your feet on the ground to support yourself .
The third field covers the operational aspects of the changeover , which relate to statistics , <unk> and financial management , information systems and communication issues .
I believe that we need a code for resolving trade disputes , and in addition we need a few other issues , already <unk> described in the Mann report .
The closure of the road and railway links is a consequence of other unsolved aspects of the political and diplomatic situation .
Well , I have some here .
So far , however , there has been no more than <unk> announcements and <unk> of paper .
I think we need to stop these propaganda <unk> .
Anyone who does not take action against children and minors being abused and lead <unk> is jeopardising the future .
First , the transitional conversion periods are considerably extended .
Ladies and gentlemen , I should like to give a very warm welcome to the members of a delegation from the standing committee of the Land of <unk> , who are visiting Parliament and have taken their seats in the official gallery .
Mr President , firstly I should like to congratulate our three rapporteurs - Mr Hatzidakis , Mr van <unk> and Mr Grosch - for the work they have done .
Erasmus said that war is sweet to those who do not know it .
My group will be voting by a large majority to adopt this compromise , even though some of us would have settled for less and others would perhaps have preferred to see rather more .
<unk> for implementation of this programme are well advanced .
I shall finish there in order to allow the debate to continue .
That does not mean that Parliament has changed its mind in this matter ; indeed , we made this clear not only at first reading but also , repeatedly , on other occasions .
More importantly , it should exercise political pressure so that the <unk> and the initial peace talks , which are just tender <unk> , are not just a <unk> in the <unk> , as has been the case so often in previous years , and actually come to something this time round .
On the important subject of institutional reform , I would draw your attention to the reforms decided for the Commission .
I do not question the need to secure and maintain budgetary stability .
We should not overlook the fact that , although quotas are an important point in recycling and recovery , they are by no means the only point .
The Commission could therefore use some of the points and proposals made by Mr Aldo as a basis for specific proposals that would allow both the <unk> regions and the overseas countries and territories to play a serious role in its work to support development aid in the rest of the world .
The Commission strongly agrees with the emphasis in the resolution on strengthening dialogue with civil society , NGOs , democratic forces , the media and with the universities in Belarus .
That , precisely , is what we should be discussing among ourselves , with great frankness and great honesty .
That is why , in this context , we should ask ourselves the important question as to whom this is meant to benefit .
For the future , we want to support the political process for the election .
It would be useful for the record of the House to state how people perceive what we have just done in the light of their own political analysis .
The Committee on the Environment is proposing the use of Article 100a as the legal basis , whereas the Commission &apos;s proposal is based on Article <unk> .
The US State <unk> has consistently reported that Colombia &apos;s armed forces have taken measures to punish human rights abuses in their ranks .
There are four different representations in Kosovo .
And now ladies and gentlemen , for five minutes and on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists - I am sorry , I must ask Parliament &apos;s services to rectify what I have just said , since although I am sure that Mr von Habsburg could speak on behalf of any of us , in this case , he is in fact speaking on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos;s Party .
It is the opinion of the EU that the US Government should take steps to close Guantanamo down as soon as possible .
I wished , then , to reiterate this message in your presence .
Yet again , the summit &apos; s sights were set on pension and social rights , with workers being called on to work more and receive less .
Tuesday : We must therefore prepare ourselves to welcome this change at a social level .
As soon as the Green Paper is submitted , it will be dealt with by the relevant Councils with due priority .
May these refugees therefore leave their camps in a foreign land as quickly as possible and return to their homes , or to somewhere near their homes , in Bosnia , for only amongst their own will they find the <unk> guarantee of peace !
I also said in my speech , however , that the optimism I had felt had been shattered by the events of last week .
The Commission thanked Mr <unk> Trojan sincerely for his activities .
We trust that there will not be a request of this kind from the Commission when the preliminary draft budget for 2002 is submitted .
I would inform the House that I have received eight motions for resolutions tabled pursuant to Rule 37 ( 2 ) .
( Explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with Article 137 ( 1 ) of the Rules of Procedure ) The social insurance systems must make it easier for people to combine work and family life .
I would make it clear that the Commission can count on the support of Parliament in order to face this challenge .
If the first Members on the list of questions speak too much , the others will be deprived of their right .
Madam President , I would draw your attention to the fact that the Presidency has been somewhat inconsistent because by voting for Amendment No 16 , Parliament has just contradicted what my report says , despite the fact that I had previously warned of this .
2006 is the last year of the existing Financial Perspective .
The debate is closed .
We hope we will be successful as soon as possible .
This will also have a <unk> effect on matters such as the <unk> out of corruption and the fight against organised crime .
There has been progress since October .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party condemns the murder of <unk> <unk> .
There are three problems I would like to draw your attention to : For this reason then I ask , and urge as a priority , that we energetically seize the challenge of <unk> social differences and the social and economic gulf , since this is the base upon which we will be able to get the large majority of people in these countries to support membership .
The communication argues that security of supply should not be seen exclusively in a national context .
Mr Cashman has already said all that needs to be said about Amendment No 17 .
To sum up , Mr President , we are determined to ensure that the EIB remains an institution that serves the European Union , something which requires , by necessity , greater cooperation with the Commission and strengthening dialogue with Parliament .
.
Mr President , regardless of whether there is an error in the text of Amendment No 1 presented by my Group , I would like to make it perfectly clear that the objective of this amendment is to establish a delegation within the <unk> Mixed Parliamentary Committee independent of the Delegation for Relations with Mercosur .
We needed guarantees of transparency , openness and consultation .
It is time not for <unk> language but for constructive and practical answers .
With regard to the specific issue of the Committee on Budgets , we have made certain amendments to Articles 3 and 5 which refer to the responsibilities of Parliament to the budget .
It should be remembered that the purpose for which the Agency has been created is to provide an appropriate framework for carrying out concrete actions aimed at increasing maritime safety and preventing pollution from ships in Member States ’ waters , and also to provide the States with additional resources when national response resources are insufficient to deal with a large-scale incident .
This particular subject is of great concern to British sugar <unk> growers as you can imagine , because it is about the only crop that is profitable in the UK at the moment .
The committee was kind enough to follow my recommendations .
Three meaningful words are quoted in the Communication heading : responsibility , partnership and competitiveness - the correct <unk> , in my opinion .
I would also like to thank the Commissioner , Mrs Diamantopoulou , her department and so many people - also the Portuguese Presidency - who have allowed Parliament , like <unk> , to set a milestone in the construction of a social and more humanitarian Europe .
As we remember , the European Council decided that the work of the Convention should be completed by June and it insisted on this , as did the summit in March and the extraordinary informal summit held in Athens for that reason .
I do not think that tourists , on boat <unk> in the future , will be able to watch sand <unk> as well as <unk> being <unk> , but maybe , in a few years &apos; time , we will once again be able to say , with a clear conscience , that we can fish for this species because its preservation is guaranteed .
In ensuring continuity and sustainability , close cooperation with organisations that are familiar with local conditions will be very important .
And I say yes , let us discuss some things at European level .
For some outlying territories - for instance the islands of <unk> in the Azores or <unk> in the Canary Islands - fishing is not just another of its economic resources , but forms part of its very life , culture and traditions .
It is high time this was <unk> out in a binding text .
The Commission proposed appropriations amounting to EUR 72 billion , then the governments reduced the European effort to EUR 50 billion .
I am glad that the New <unk> for young people introduced by my own country &apos;s Government is to extend to older unemployed people in response to this challenge .
If there are areas in which there are <unk> , of juvenile and <unk> fish , there must not be any fishing , nobody <unk> .
It is absolutely imperative to ensure , taking the environment , safety , fishing communities , and tourism into account , that we do not have a repeat performance of what happened before .
We propose this aid because , as we all know , the production of seeds is subject to supplementary technical and quality control requirements , so that if the cultivation of seeds were not supported by some form of aid , this could have extremely negative consequences for the quality of production of seed <unk> .
Members voting - <unk> ; Where there is a will , there is always a way .
We cannot have new countries join a Europe that is paralysed , that is unable to decide .
The confidence of manufacturers and consumers is at present stronger in the euro zone than in the rest of Europe .
They have never wanted peace .
We must therefore react to it in an appropriate manner .
On reading certain facts and statistics , one can only subscribe to her approach .
.
The fact that <unk> is the exclusive <unk> of gas from Russia to the EU would have to be taken into account in any objective analysis .
I therefore have five remarks to make on this directive .
Paragraph 55 sets out the information which should be made available to Parliament by the Commission and the <unk> during the implementation of the plan .
Mr President , in my opinion this debate should have been more intensive and should have taken place a long time ago .
As regard the transitional periods , I feel that we must be careful not to fall into the temptation to use them to reduce the impact of enlargement , thus <unk> from the fact that the new countries belong to the European Union , in an endeavour to comply with the timetable we have set ourselves .
This is a first step but , where cuts are concerned , there is an <unk> on the Commission and the Council to provide evidence <unk> , whether it is genuinely the case that funds are not being <unk> away , or whether the intention is to block the politically desired priorities of Parliament .
We maintain , and we shall work to ensure , that human rights are central both to the internal policy and the foreign policy of the Union .
It is time for European leaders to begin to act .
Mr Newens , with that question you have very accurately described the problem we are facing and that we have not managed to resolve so far .
Fifthly , it will now be possible for farmers in Natura 2000 areas who have had extra burdens placed on them to share in the aid distributed to less-favoured areas .
And first of all , of course , to say that it has justified the idea of those who thought of the idea and undertook the responsibility of setting up a Committee of Inquiry in the European Parliament .
If they try to do so , they will be faced with the need to expand their infrastructure and with extra financial and administrative burdens .
It is , of course , that much more repugnant when journalists are in danger of being executed just for doing their job .
The internal market presupposes cooperation , together with harmonisation of the Member States ’ legislation .
The European Union is already doing its best to facilitate this dialogue .
In the declaration , the EU expresses the hope that the National Assembly will adopt the initiative being considered and that the Varela Project will be the <unk> point for a debate that will be able to promote a peaceful transition to a pluralist democracy and a Cuban society at peace with itself .
We are faced with a new scenario that requires new proposals , a new commitment and new pressures on both sides .
In addition , costs are rising thanks , for example , to higher fuel prices and increasing environmental and other obligations .
The Commission has instigated this in the code of conduct which it recommends .
The directive also provides for the marketing of these chocolate products containing vegetable fats in all Member States , subject to a label which lists the ingredients .
I will be asking appropriate questions and may refer this to the Ombudsman or Court of Auditors for a thorough investigation .
An appropriate infrastructure is required for testing food and in particular toxic substances in animal feed .
For an internal market to succeed , all regions within Europe must be able to economically compete effectively in such an arena .
In any event , we in the European Parliament delegation for relations with the countries of Central America were in El Salvador in July and were able to see the consequences of the earthquakes and of <unk> <unk> .
The only thing that the joint resolution finds to say , apart from some vague turns of phrase condemning the economic , political and social crisis as if it were a natural disaster , is to protest against the attack on the right to property and to call for action from the <unk> Government to enforce respect for the fundamental right to property of local savers and foreign investors .
I thank the Commissioner for his detailed reply .
These are the kind of questions that arise .
The important thing , from my point of view , is that the countries harmonized their opinions and reached a final decision .
Those who still remain are to be put in prison .
In this way , the directive would do justice to the demands which will have to be made upon it in view of the risk of actual damage to public health .
This is not a harmonization measure .
The Commission has proved its fast <unk> in proposing the framework decisions that we are debating today .
Mr President , for nearly three years now President <unk> of Honduras has been pursuing a policy aimed at greater democracy , reduction of the role of the military and economic development .
Thirdly , this is not a straightforward matter , of course , and I am perfectly aware of this .
Today we have had a fine example in the case of Turkey .
Today , two years later , Leyla Zana is still in a Turkish prison , despite the fact that she has gained a reputation worldwide as a symbol of the peaceful struggle for a solution to the problem and for the survival of her people .
Question No 12 by ( <unk> / 99 ) : <unk> reports like that and many others make very grim reading indeed , <unk> instances of arbitrary detention , widespread torture including brutal <unk> , the breaking of bones , electric shocks , pulling <unk> out , hanging <unk> people from the ceiling , causing <unk> , rape and sexual humiliation , attacks by dogs , <unk> killings and many more .
The Mediterranean is a different kind of sea : national waters are more limited than in other areas of the Community , fish populations <unk> areas and are shared , the general characteristics of the activity are different — there is above all a small-scale fishing fleet and a high proportion of fishermen fish on a part-time basis — there are many small <unk> sites , etc .
The amendments which I have said are not acceptable include , specifically , Amendment No 14 , on the consultation of the interested parties within Eurocontrol , as well as the amendments in the report by Mrs Sanders-ten Holte , Nos 13 , 16 , 25 and 29 , the second part of Amendment No 15 and Amendment No 33 , which has become obsolete as a result of technological progress .
In a free market , the person who manages to produce in the <unk> manner <unk> the competitive battle , even if this is at the expense of jobs , the environment , animal welfare and public health .
I am grateful for what you have done for us so far , but please continue to help us .
Many of the amendments proposed in the resolution are good especially No .
8 where it is proposed that the size of the investment should also be considered when determining if the budget deficit exceeds the permitted level or not .
This report on the free movement of workers identifies the improved profitability and competitiveness of businesses in Ireland , Sweden and the UK – countries that have opened their labour markets .
We are currently witnessing many fears , especially on the part of Greek Cypriots who look back at the past .
I myself would very much have liked to have returned to Parliament , but unfortunately , my party has not given me the opportunity to do so .
From the outset she was very clear that she wanted to concentrate on a few areas where we wanted to see real improvement .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
For this reason the PPE group will vote against the amendment proposals which have been put forward .
Perhaps that can be found in another way .
At least 170 people died and 350 were wounded .
I understand this very well since it is true that for certain products one conversion rate will be used rather than another , depending on the way they are classified .
We will be even more competitive than the United States and the directive will have to rule out the US situation completely .
( Applause ) There are problems of huge administrative costs , there are staffing costs which must not be underestimated , the level of organisation has fallen , which means <unk> , and procedures are lengthy to administer ; then there is concern , the result , in some cases , of <unk> and disappointment , on the part of the citizens when they are informed of this situation .
That makes a mockery of consumer protection .
Mr President , this debate is about Taiwan and the WHO , and all the political groups are agreed that we wish to give Taiwan the opportunity to participate as an observer at the Geneva Summit in a few weeks &apos; time .
People are going to be made happy , whether they like it or not .
We must press for these <unk> drugs to be made available as cheaply as possible .
The margin of error is at least 30 % .
It enables potato starch producers to be offered reasonable compensation for the price reduction , and it is a decision which the current market situation also justifies .
We must keep abreast of public opinion and , as happened yesterday in Spain , we must use the mass demonstrations called by the NGOs to demand immediate and effective action within the framework of preventive diplomacy .
I would therefore recommend that some thought be given to how such an undesirable outcome can be prevented .
Nonetheless , the suggested actions do include projects or programmes seeking to step up democracy and respect for human rights and minority rights in general .
It says in the document passed to us by the Council that this common position was adopted unanimously .
We think the current wording regarding cars and climate change is a suitable compromise between drawing attention to the problem and at the same time explaining to drivers what their role is .
Information has now come to light indicating that Strasbourg wrongly charged Parliament <unk> for a number of years .
Using technological development and European know-how as a basis , additional efforts must be made in the fields of the environment , safety and public health .
No , of course not .
What has been done so far still falls short of the mark , despite the funds which the European Union has given Ukraine .
In Europe , there is too little investment in the education and research that will enable it to become the competitive knowledge economy we desperately aspire to be .
Mr President , Mr Ribeiro &apos;s excellent report is on the second Commission proposal seeking to protect deep-water coral <unk> from the effects of <unk> .
I know how frustrating it can sometimes be for those who constantly referred to the matters that they have approached again this evening .
What is more , for the last year and a half , the Dutch <unk> <unk> , <unk> , has delegated its specialist in international postal traffic to the Commission .
Parliament is hoping to strengthen cultural cooperation using a three-year plan for Member States and through the creation of a European Observatory for cultural cooperation .
Mr President , the European Parliament , it has already been said here several times , was not consulted .
This responds to one of the requests made to the Commission in the Howitt report on the Green Paper .
This , I believe , is a mistake for three reasons .
It cannot align itself with the amendments on the Member States &apos; strategy and on setting up a partnership with the various operators affected by asylum policy .
These objectives are obviously intended to make employees as useful and usable as possible to the economy .
If one adds to this the less developed regions of the candidate countries , the average <unk> <unk> Product per capita <unk> back to less than half of the EU average , to only 77 % to be precise .
The inability to deal with the big states , most notably Croatia , and President <unk> &apos;s activities , particularly in relation to the <unk> community in Mostar and the inability also to deal with what I suspect are the real <unk> behind the situation in Mostar , that is the <unk> on West Bank who have clearly got the city tied up for themselves and do not want normal peace to be resumed .
Nonetheless , a driving ban imposed by a Scottish court is recognized in England .
Moreover , this year the Commission has itself <unk> the estimates so that we will have ECU <unk> for the first time put in a special reserve .
The Environment Committee adopted two contradictory amendments , one for a total exemption and one tightening up the common position line of a conditional exemption with all the normal environmental risk provisions .
These appropriations cannot be refused year upon year .
In the meantime the acts of violence continue .
If we were to implement this model here and now , I would anticipate major conflicts of authority between the common European Prosecutor and the national authorities , as well as some overlap in relation to other Community initiatives such as Eurojust , OLAF and Europol , initiatives that , in view of the short period of time they have been up and running , should at all events be given more time to produce results in areas including that of fraud involving EU funds .
This would mean the death of our civilisation , which would have proved incapable of <unk> with a number of threats that have recently appeared in the world .
It is a heavy responsibility because this presidency will be marked by strategic decisions that will determine the future shape of Europe .
LEADER + should supplement already existing programmes , avoid <unk> and duplication of financing and thus contribute to a process of development which is as comprehensive as possible .
Today , unfortunately , the situation is completely different .
It was as long ago as 13 April <unk> that Parliament first adopted a resolution on European <unk> Societies , which fact shows what great importance Parliament has always attached to legislation in this area .
There are also , in particular , elements which were included in the report as a result of our amendments and which confirm the House &apos;s desire not only to keep access to the <unk> reserved zone within the exclusive national sovereignty of the coastal countries but also to extend this zone to 24 miles .
Parliament and the Commission are pulling together on this , but the Council will not easily be persuaded to relax its policy .
This agreement means our position and our demands will gain strength .
In December 1994 the Council adopted not a common position but a political stance in which it <unk> the legal base of Article 100a proposed by the Commission and replaced it with Article 235 together with Article 43 .
It makes sense to include inflation targeting as a strategy at the point of transition because we have to take account of uncertainties , particularly the unpredictable portfolio decisions of financial market operators .
I registered my request by pressing a <unk> on the <unk> but was not registered on the speakers list .
However , other provisions could also be made , to promote <unk> cooperation and integration .
Furthermore , Mr President , please allow me to end by congratulating you on having accepted , for the first time , the need for a European integration policy and on having correctly identified its objectives and the need to implement them with local and regional authorities and social actors .
It is intended that <unk> Schreyer will take responsibility for budgetary issues , an area in which she can only supervise and not shape policy ; she could do nothing to alleviate misgivings relating to her ability to take responsibility for budgetary issues .
We cannot talk in general terms and what appear to be the most important issues today , i. e. pornography , <unk> and racism , will not necessarily be the most important issues tomorrow .
It has called for North Korea to reverse its decision to withdraw from the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty immediately and to <unk> the International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors and has also stated that it undertakes , mainly in agreement with the USA but also in collaboration with the most closely affected countries in the region , to work towards a peaceful solution .
With this in mind , therefore , I must express my <unk> and I expect , of course , some more encouraging comments and answers .
Mr President , as you know , the European Union is one of the key players in the world &apos; s relief circuit .
Mr President of the Council , Commissioner , I am ashamed when I turn on the television as I did this morning and see the American representative , the special envoy , in Pristina , but no special envoy from Europe .
The European Community has thus become part of an amended agreement which now includes Japan .
In order to respond to this new challenge we need genuine ambition and instruments for dialogue .
I want our Parliament to take it up .
I cannot speak formally on behalf of the Luxembourg Presidency , but I can say that it seems a good idea to me to continue the informal way in which contacts between Council and the European Parliament have been established during the preparatory stages .
The more generous Constitution is to be observed .
In addition , the European Parliament powers must be adequately enhanced .
So , first of all , a very warm ‘ thank you ’ for doing that , from the Group of the European People ’ s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats .
In no way should this product be financially supported and promoted year in year out , as happens in our case with the growing of tobacco .
We therefore welcome the draft Regulation presented to us by the Commissioner , but we still feel that the gradual introduction of double <unk> vessels by the Union is an insufficient , if necessary , measure .
First we are told that , yes , the end will be in 1998 , then it is 2000 , next 2002 , and now you come along with a presentation and have absolutely nothing to say .
It will only be possible to create new products and new services to combine productivity and solidarity if research and innovation are adequately funded .
This social model is a genuine form of civilisation , the European civilisation of which we are proud and which we will never allow to be endangered .
But does this subject actually belong in a regulation on the right of the public to have access to documents ?
Three of them are in Belgium and one in France , in La <unk> , a village in <unk> / <unk> , a region that is already severely affected by unemployment .
Decrees and thereby , as Parliament has already done in many resolutions , clearly pointing out that this issue very definitely possesses a European dimension .
In the space of half a century , the Union has changed the face of Europe and transformed relations between our peoples .
What Europeans are waiting for is the affirmation of their own European identity .
Mr President , I would like to thank Mr Fischler for being kind enough to join us again this evening because I think it is important for him to follow the debate , although it has to be said that the Chamber is not exactly full .
We need joint action and I would particularly like to express my thanks to Commission President Barroso .
That is our job as representatives of the people .
In the drafting of the budget , a very stringent policy has been followed with regard to Section IV , whose ceiling for expenditure Parliament wishes to raise through maximum use of the flexibility instrument .
As I mentioned at the outset , this debate is greatly appreciated by the presidency : it provides a timely reminder and an opportunity to exchange views with Parliament some two months before the 60th session of the UN Commission on Human Rights opens in Geneva .
He speaks for himself and for himself only .
Furthermore the <unk> and <unk> marking can be accepted only in principle , as at this stage we have not yet identified an appropriate and safe marker that has these qualities .
Citizenship is a status that is only granted to those who , by virtue of their birth or their merits , share common values .
However , we also believe that the current monetarist model is capable of becoming an instrument to be used in the service of <unk> policies and could increase the threat which already exists for the welfare state and the European social dimension .
I would like to turn now to Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi .
Our proposal is sufficiently flexible to allow it to be adapted over time .
I can endorse this , as long as it means that banks <unk> their levies on cross-border payments .
Contrary to the rapporteur - and here I am referring to Paragraph C - I believe the commercial battle will <unk> on the Internet rather than in the field of the virtual <unk> , for the simple reason that the whole thing is at present firmly American <unk> .
I would like to conclude by thanking Parliament for its encouragement and support for our work on this important dossier .
The costs of achieving research goals could realistically be reduced if these countries were involved .
It makes no sense to continue with the debate .
These regulations will bring together in a single substantive legal text a wide range of measures which are currently based on safeguard provisions of Community veterinary legislation .
.
Mr President , I have to say that the answer by the President-in-Office of the Council shows signs of there being considerable <unk> of interpretation but , as we say in Denmark , it requires a very firm character to sell <unk> by the metre .
Today we can measure the dramatic <unk> that would open in the Union between core countries , which virtually coincide with the <unk> Mark area , and countries driven back into an anxious and unstable periphery .
The next item is the recommendation ( <unk> / 2001 ) by Mr <unk> on behalf of the Committee on Development and Cooperation on the proposal for a Council decision &#91; <unk> / 2000 - COM ( 2000 ) <unk> - <unk> / 2000 - 2000 / <unk> ( AVC ) &#93; concerning the conclusion of the Partnership Agreement between the African , Caribbean and Pacific States on the one part , and the European Community and its Member States , on the other .
But the point is that they should all comply with tighter emission standards .
Over the past few years , the Commission has granted a great deal of aid via the ECHO programme .
Mr President , I hope I can risk Mrs Izquierdo &apos;s <unk> by saying that I agree with the Commissioner .
I am sure Parliament will have seen the statement that the Swedish Presidency released prior to the recent ministerial troika visit to Ukraine .
Europe should support the US in finding and suppressing the terrorists but we should also have a long-term plan to deal with conflict resolution and to put in infrastructural support in places like Afghanistan where humanitarian aid is needed but is only a <unk> to a fully functioning society .
The proposal is one of the 11 measures described in the acidification strategy .
Against this background I see no reason whatsoever to approve the candidature of Mr Trichet .
Yes or no ?
Let us not dwell on that , however .
As you know , there is an important merger in the pipeline between <unk> and <unk> .
Lulling report ( <unk> / 99 ) I am thinking here of more decision-making by a qualified majority and relations between the institutions , including the European Parliament .
I have heard the answer and am quite happy to forward evidence in my possession , through my office , to the relevant committee and , indeed , to the Presidency .
For this very reason and while Porto Alegre grows and is accepted , Davos , which is extremely <unk> , is increasingly redundant and caught up in the contradictions inherent in the model it advocates and in the damaging effects it has .
<unk> growing plays a very important role , especially in the less favoured regions of Europe .
Like some of my socialist <unk> and other colleagues , I will play an active part in the monitoring group referred to by <unk> Wurtz and we will carefully examine the conclusions of the Italian committee of inquiry .
This provoked me , if you like , into tabling a supplementary question and it is on this that I should like you to comment , as the Commissioner at the present stage .
Are we <unk> to the research community that it is hardly worth trying to carry out promising stem cell research in Europe ?
I can certainly give him the assurance he seeks : we will continue to work hard to share the best practice , as I described , to ensure that there is effective cooperation on this issue of diversity , both in the remaining period of the British Presidency and well beyond that in the years to come .
The Commission nonetheless believes that there is no justification for introducing a reference to specific substances , for this is not done in other international conventions that exist to protect the Mediterranean , the Baltic and the North Sea and to which the Community is a party .
The Commission has , however , made proposals within the framework of the hygiene package to withdraw exemptions from the strict animal health conditions and control procedures for imports .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , you have before you two Commission proposals concerning the <unk> Convention on the Prior <unk> <unk> ( <unk> ) Procedure for certain hazardous chemicals and pesticides in international trade .
<unk> reactions by Parliament do not do justice to the seriousness of these issues .
We only need to implement those which are on the table , which are already <unk> and <unk> .
Use of certain dangerous substances and preparations In this instance , I ask for a vote on the legislative resolution , in particular because of items 8 and 9 , on which we have just voted .
( The Minutes were approved ) The Auto-Oil programme was the first time that had happened , and it is unfortunate that the original cooperation between the oil industry and the <unk> industry is not continued in the Commission &apos;s proposal .
.
For one thing we have an Intergovernmental Conference advancing at a <unk> &apos;s pace on this chapter , but , most important of all , we are rapidly approaching a NATO summit which is going to <unk> that organization geographically and strengthen its functions .
The UN showed what the future could hold in determining a safer world .
Firstly , there is a critical and rigorous assessment of the reform .
And if we are to <unk> ourselves well of our tasks , we need the necessary resources , including the necessary staffing resources .
I agree with the words of many of my fellow Members , but I believe that one of our obligations is to point out the possible problems and as far in advance as possible .
Is it not absurd to decide a few weeks later to give further PHARE support to the tune of ECU 1 <unk> million ?
It is , therefore , with good reason that the report does not nominate many concrete matters for coordination .
But I would like to add &apos;the country of residence or employment principle &apos; , twice .
The punishment of a <unk> who <unk> matters which are not <unk> to the government , is another example of something of which it can be said that a country which has signed the United Nations Charter cannot inflict punishment of this kind .
We must refuse the Commission and the Council this licence to kill off innovation by the small software producer .
I would ask for a very strict approach to be adopted here , Commissioner .
Indeed , this is why I am wholeheartedly in favour of the publicity we can give heritage aid by establishing <unk> such as the prize for restoration created by <unk> <unk> , or the European <unk> Day prize .
However , the European Union also has a very serious role to play today and it has a role in the definition of the final regime .
After all , 2009 is a crucial year for various reasons : it will see not only a new European Parliament , but also one or two institutional challenges , such as a new composition of the Commission .
I want to echo a number of contributions here that remind us that the fight against crime , for instance , is a positive struggle to enhance and <unk> the rights of people who would otherwise be victims of crime .
But it is very unusual .
I wish you every success in your work in this area , Mr President , and I hope that major reforms will be achieved under your presidency before 2004 .
Well then , during this very enjoyable event , I wondered to myself how I should vote on Mr <unk> &apos;s important report on competences .
The Council would like to inform the honourable Member that the implementation of the <unk> Programme falls within the remit of the Commission , which is assisted in this by the pan-European <unk> Services Committee .
Xenophobia and national and other forms of terrorism come under this heading and I hope that we shall have a chance to <unk> things out here too .
Therefore , despite the indignation that we all feel in the face of the current social problem , I believe that to imagine that simply returning to massive structural aid will solve the problems in this sector would be to <unk> an obstacle which will confront us again later , in an even more dramatic form .
Tomorrow , we will be able to take a step in the right direction by voting in favour of a flexible , modern and forward-looking revision of the Working Time Directive .
We must be very clear that we all want patients to be informed .
We should prefer to encourage the pharmaceutical industry voluntarily and for ethical and moral reasons to decide to <unk> a portion of its profits in research into diseases affecting poor countries .
In conclusion , Europe has nothing to gain from this kind of legislation .
I wish again to thank the rapporteur .
As such , it is a case of <unk> and <unk> regarding this issue .
Not content with this , but perfectly consistent with this approach , the rapporteur recommends passing on the costs of opening up the national networks to the private sector to consumers throughout the European Union .
Mr President , first I should like to pay special tribute to my predecessor , Mr <unk> , from whom I <unk> this report after his departure from the House .
However , a currency is alive , it is where a nation &apos;s heart <unk> ; wanting to do away with it is a bit like wanting to <unk> <unk> &apos;s sacrifice of his <unk> , <unk> .
Of course it is , on occasions , clear from the debate that this institution is viewed in some quarters not as the answer to the flexibility which Europe needs but as a sort of future defence to safeguard their interests vis-à-vis future members of the European Union .
– The next item is the report ( <unk> / 2006 ) by Mrs Miguélez Ramos , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the application of Council Regulation ( EC ) No <unk> / 2003 on the removal of <unk> of <unk> on board vessels ( 2006 / <unk> ( INI ) ) .
I am opposed to all the amendments that were tabled with 37 signatures .
I believe that the continuation of this subsidy is <unk> opposed to the Maastricht Treaty .
.
However , I would like to refer to another issue : the issue raised by Mrs Frassoni , who has asked us , on behalf of her group , not to include an amendment condemning terrorism .
Mr President , as has previously been pointed out , the Commission &apos;s programme for 1999 has the particular characteristic of applying not only to the development of the Treaties currently in force , but also to the development of the 1997 Treaty of Amsterdam .
That simply is not true .
If it is not the case , then there will be considerable resistance to enlargement from businesses in the Community and from the workers in the Community who feel themselves disadvantaged .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to thank Mr <unk> for his splendid report .
How right he is !
It <unk> belief that here in Europe we have to fight for fundamental democratic rights such as parliamentary scrutiny .
And I hope every Member in this House finds that disgraceful .
I have increasingly noticed that , sometimes , there is definitely a basis for an alliance .
There should also be promotion of small <unk> enterprises and <unk> , because that is the economy of the 21st Century .
For example , we read in the priorities of the Irish Presidency , published by the <unk> , ‘ <unk> d <unk> ’ , that you ‘ would hope ’ , I said , ‘ you would hope ’ that the accession negotiations with Turkey could begin at the end of 2004 .
Accordingly , it is not clear to me what role a representation of the Member States and of Parliament would be playing in this .
However , that is not to say that trade considerations are not important - they are .
At the end of the year , since it is the first meeting , the risks of wasting money under the N + 2 rule will be very low .
Mr President , my <unk> on the floor having almost all exceeded their speaking time by at least a minute , I <unk> your indulgence if I have to do the same .
That requires special training , standard now for soldiers in European Union armies , because we are lucky enough to be at peace .
The opportunities provided by the Information and Communication <unk> ( ICT ) and the contribution they make to changes in society are self-evident .
Ladies and gentlemen , this brings me to the end of what I have to say today .
This is an illustration of the wholly <unk> way in which Mr Lukashenko operates , and also a demonstration of the absence of any intention on his part to hand over power by way of the election process .
It is therefore appropriate to focus on the more important aspects of our mutual understanding rather than keep highlighting those areas where we disagree .
<unk> will suffer if we <unk> with the work performed by skilled and experienced professionals in their difficult and complex job and <unk> that work to people with dubious profile , experience and competence .
All these lists will be ineffective , and so I urge the nation states to at last do the homework to which they have agreed and get a grip on dealing with this cross-border phenomenon rather than constantly making new speeches to <unk> themselves of blame whenever a terrorist act is carried out , after which – yet again – nothing happens .
The Accession Treaty also includes a safeguard clause .
Most employees with acute or <unk> <unk> , for example , hide it from their employers for fear of the adverse impact on their careers .
That corresponds to <unk> % of the Union &apos;s traditional own resources .
Actually , the President-in-Office of the Council of the European Union - the President of the Spanish Government , Mr Aznar - obtained this commitment when he visited Mr <unk> and Mr <unk> last November during a <unk> of capital cities prior to the beginning of the Presidency .
Parliament &apos;s report should not forget to underline that .
For example , the current economic crisis and the many redundancies associated with it mean that we have to be particularly vigilant about respecting social rights .
The situation would be different if we could use marker vaccines , which are currently being investigated and improved .
It was very difficult .
But let us not confuse complaints with petitions .
Some of these points seemed perhaps to have been forgotten or to have been put to sleep , but fortunately , thanks to that meeting of the Quartet on 22 September , they seem to have recovered their place in people ’ s hearts .
That also applies to the Azores , I am sure , and to Ireland , though the Azores &apos; waters are not so rich .
There will be an opportunity for a more comprehensive report on Bulgaria &apos;s accession early in the new year .
No they are not !
That will obviously be the case following the recent confirmation of the stability pact .
It has been made very clear this afternoon that we are providing these countries , which were victims not only of the Second World War but also of the dictatorship that followed it , with a prospect that enables them to build democracy while strengthening this European Union of ours without <unk> its ability to act .
It might , however , be possible – and I do not know if any cases of this sort exist – that a framework decision has a legal basis which proves to be irrelevant , whilst its content , on the other hand , is accepted .
They will keep the pressure on , and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 <unk> .
This is about the way in which responsibility for security stocks is organised .
I visited <unk> in March 2000 and on that occasion I also went to see camps with refugees from Burundi .
We have to take this road , so that even the Member States understand that the sooner they transfer their powers to the European Union in this field , the better it will be for everybody and the more effectively action can be taken .
Our appeal to the Heads of State and Government is that each of them should put his <unk> into the communal <unk> box , so that the others will do likewise , rather than each waiting for the others to make the first move and then nothing happening at all .
This has come about because of a number of very sensible decisions taken by the Libyan authorities to dismantle the Libyan <unk> programme and to compensate victims of terrorist attacks in which Libya had been implicated .
It is obvious that the criterion for evaluating <unk> cannot be the financial cost and must be effectiveness , which also works out cheaper in the long run .
Argentina has oil and natural gas , exports energy and , with its ideal conditions , is one of the richest countries in the world .
However , an ecological rural economy will not enable this objective to be as generally achieved as it has to be .
I do not want to mention any particular country because it is not fair to do so and matters are not so simple .
<unk> the moment , we must be satisfied with reading the documents of the European Parliament . &apos;
I would also welcome here the trade unions &apos; readiness to negotiate on working time for flight crews in civil aviation , within the joint civil aviation authority .
According to experts in the field , this proposal for a regulation is crucial to the first phase of the European Climate Change Programme ( <unk> ) and is intended to establish a legislative framework for reducing <unk> ( <unk> ) , <unk> ( <unk> ) and sulphur <unk> ( <unk> ) , which are powerful greenhouse gases covered by the Kyoto Protocol .
That is what the debate must be about .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the finance regulation for the eighth European Development Fund is a question of a document in which the implementation rules ( that is , the financial order , the management of resources , the implementation measures and organs which carry them out , as well as the checking and the statement of accounts ) are fixed as an internal agreement between the Commission and the Member States .
Moreover , the Commission &apos;s proposal offers few guarantees that European money will be responsibly spent .
Belgrade also needs to work constructively to settle the issue .
Having regard to the current Articles 4 and 5 , we have taken due note of your concerns with a view to securing a better and more uniform application of notions such as ‘ independent producers ’ or ‘ European works ’ through the introduction of clearer concepts .
This has not happened so far , and there has indeed been some criticism in this respect .
Has the Council no practical solutions in this area ?
What we can learn from EMU is the following : if you create clear , concrete objectives , countries will try to fulfil them .
Of course it is possible to discuss joint action , as the rapporteur has done , and a convention is not the best way of laying down fixed principles for action .
Provided we keep to the timetable , there is time for all the groups to have the floor for the time requested .
We await the Council &apos; s guidelines in this area .
We are , however , aware of the dangers involved and would have liked to see more attention paid to the risk of asymmetric shocks .
Finally , we must demand that the Nepalese Government re-establish the Tibetan <unk> Welfare Office in <unk> , in cooperation with <unk> , as is usually the case .
That reservation arises from the fact that , to date , <unk> Funding in Northern Ireland has been allocated in a most <unk> way , to the gross disadvantage to the <unk> / <unk> Community .
It is <unk> that this resolution <unk> regret over the lack of comparable data on the phenomena mentioned above and general judgments about the countries where they manifest themselves .
As I have already said in answer to previous questions , the Directive is being reviewed , and the public consultation held in 2003 allowed the various parties concerned to express their views .
If we want to achieve it , then we can , all together , citizens , Members of Parliament , and governments of the European Union .
Nevertheless , we believe that dialogue is the only alternative open to us , as breaking off dialogue and ‘ <unk> civil society ’ , as it were , is certainly not a viable option .
<unk> it a for a new Europe , but not a for a new Europe .
These measures , together with the reactionary Hague programme package , are being used to speed up the application of a global network to put on file and <unk> anyone who opposes the terrorism of European and global monopoly capital .
My group is therefore unambiguously in favour of the creation of a new financial instrument with all the precautions that honesty requires that we take in a disaster situation .
I hope that all MEPs endorse the demand now being made by Socialist MEPs and agree to the Committee of Inquiry being established immediately .
I believe that the Fisheries Agreement with the Seychelles demonstrates clearly that the objectives of this Community policy are in very good health , despite the criticisms from some quarters , and that this kind of protocol is still essential in order to maintain competitiveness and employment for the Community sector , while it is increasingly involved in the promotion of more responsible fisheries systems outside of Community seas .
It is clear that there is a great fear among many people , particularly the people who elected me , that this Charter will override national constitutions , in particular as regards the support and protection of fundamental institutions such as family , marriage and the protection of life , born and unborn .
Question No 47 by Mrs Thors ( <unk> / 97 ) <unk> and transparency , which Finland says it promotes , would be increased by Finland ’ s own decision to make known in public the recipients of EU agricultural aid .
The Commission and the parliaments and the Council and the Court of Justice must all be strengthened .
I would therefore urge you to reconsider our amendment .
.
This point was itself made to me by candidate Duisenberg last week in the European Parliament &apos;s monetary <unk> and this committee , too , must adopt and adapt .
You probably all saw the subsequent pictures on television last week , of peaceful demonstrators and opposition leaders in Belarus being beaten up by police .
In other words , what is needed is a number of accompanying measures if anything at all is to be accomplished there .
That is in no way intended to imply that some countries have no right to express an opinion .
Mr President , I would first like to thank Mrs Quisthoudt-Rowohl for her fine report .
It is in all our interests that a multilateral framework be put in place to govern the trading relations of the 150 different members of the WTO at this time .
Madam President , I am very pleased to speak today about the European Commission &apos;s continuing support for the Rome Statute and for an effective International Criminal Court .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , Stockholm has highlighted at least three subjects on which I should like to comment this morning .
Safety advisers for the transport of dangerous goods When we act together , we exercise influence .
Unfortunately , the Summit has not resulted in any progress in this area , even though proposals have been ready for some time .
It is of therapeutic value .
Mr President , first of all I would like to pay tribute to all who served on the recent EU election observation mission to Pakistan , particularly the members of my core team and also the European Parliament delegation led by Miss <unk> <unk> .
It represents very little in the research and development effort of the Community as a whole , so the intergovernmental programmes must take up the <unk> .
We are acting on the international scene by encouraging countries on the outside , such as the US , to sign up .
The latter &apos; s statement here <unk> illustrates why this Parliament is in no position to be more effective in cleaning up the administration .
<unk> money is not used very much at present , but I am sure that it will become very important in the future .
If this amendment were to be voted in , the request for a separate vote introduced by Mr Walter , the coordinator of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , and others , would then have to be withdrawn .
To conclude , I would like to thank you for your speeches and to say that Lisbon European Summit marks a turning point in the way we talk about the problem of economic and social innovation .
Out of 16 NATO countries , 12 voted in favour or abstained .
We fail to understand , however , why one industrial sector will be <unk> in relation to the others .
I just wanted that made clear .
The Commission has carefully examined Parliament &apos; s amendments .
The European Union cannot have credibility in the world without having its own united voice in the field of security and without that voice being accompanied and supported by military capabilities .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution ) As regards globalisation , we attached importance to reflecting the positive opportunities that exist as a result of globalisation and to emphasising the social dimension and corporate responsibility .
I have to inform him that all he needs do is to go to any of the <unk> in the Union and they will tell him how to do it .
Once we have done that , we can worry about relations between the various Mediterranean countries themselves .
More and more of the traffic comes from Eastern and Central Europe or from third countries .
Mr President , the funding of destructive <unk> research is against the constitutional position of Ireland , as it is against the constitutional , legal or political position of four other Member States .
If we do not find a remedy for this , Mr President , I think that we will all be <unk> with protests from producers and that we will very quickly be asked to account for our short-sightedness .
To what extent would the Commissioner agree with me that the origins of the current crisis in Macedonia actually lie purely and simply with the activities of criminal gangs looking to protect their smuggling <unk> and taking advantage of the weak security of the border with FYROM , and that what we need to do is to tighten up on those criminals who have used the issue of minority rights as fuel to keep the fires of <unk> going in order to cover up their activities ?
Firstly , the value of strong regulatory authorities .
Secondly , I agree that more work needs to be done in this area , but we must be realistic at this stage .
Thank you very much , Mr Camisón Asensio .
Naturally enough , we might ask why foodstuffs should be irradiated at all , since it has been proved that <unk> in fruit and vegetables are killed off and also that the irradiation of products with fat content releases free <unk> , which , as we know , are carcinogenic .
– Mr President , when approximately a year ago we voted here on this Parliament &apos;s report at first reading and we achieved a sufficient majority to support the <unk> I was advocating , I felt as if I had the strong support of the whole of Parliament .
What we are certainly opposed to is any solution involving a review of the European Communities &apos; protocol on <unk> and <unk> .
I am stressing this because some of the amendments intend to establish a zero rate of VAT for services which , in my opinion , are not of an essential or social nature .
I regard my availability as a sign of respect for your institution and of interest in its work and as part of a commitment to openness and transparency .
As you know , all manner of different refugee groups , both <unk> and <unk> , are in Zaire in the most <unk> of circumstances .
I cannot understand why the Group of the European People &apos;s Party has suddenly had a change of opinion , but everyone has a right to do so .
But we should also turn our attention to a few of the less attractive issues : the flax case , the latest developments of which , it is true , we are not yet fully <unk> with , the <unk> case involving adulterated butter , and , indeed , the <unk> case .
Therefore it had nothing to do with Mr Le Pen &apos;s mandate as a Member of the European Parliament .
As you know , we have been unable to renew this agreement , but the Community has recognised its responsibility and has agreed on measures for the benefit of the ships and crews affected .
The government is no longer <unk> putting those people at a disadvantage , but there is an attitude of <unk> in respect of the discrimination by <unk> against those groups .
To believe that we can create an immigration policy without distinguishing between the legal and the illegal , with a cry of <unk> for all &apos; , would I believe be a mistake and would mean opting for conflict , for <unk> and for <unk> .
Mr President , allow me emphasise the issue of police and judicial cooperation and to say that widening and deepening such cooperation between the Member States of the European Union is really crucial .
It may well determine , however , how we can vote at that stage .
In view of the potential for <unk> transport , that is both very welcome and essential .
– Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Barroso , allow me to highlight three matters : respect for national cultural <unk> , gender equality and the fight against poverty .
Firstly , the measures applied must be based on adequate , substantiated scientific studies , taking account of the <unk> of each area .
Our White Paper to be published in early November will define the steps needed to translate our shared ambitions for this important pillar of the financial sector into reality .
Why ?
That is part of the agricultural reform we are proposing for the years ahead .
Furthermore , a whole workshop in Lille was devoted to the subject of protecting young people .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I understand that this proposal will probably be rejected tomorrow .
<unk> of <unk> wax and <unk> even if there is a <unk> overall decline .
People from South-East Asia can quickly export <unk> over great distances because of international air travel .
Having a larger number of <unk> animals being moved around is not in the interests of animal welfare .
The Council has now joined Parliament in adopting many of the things that we debated at first reading stage – initially with some <unk> – and then accepted , and we can actually be content with that .
1 .
We want to fight racism in a number of different policy areas .
Since the issue of women and peace itself carried little political weight , the utopian movements were able to dominate the debate .
The great political decisions - agriculture , environment , structural funds - are now reaching the critical point , which will involve a very difficult period , a period in which political wisdom will have to come strongly to the fore , for it is this that will give the final impetus to the great process in progress .
Today we must honour the force of these <unk> by calling for them to continue while fundamental problems remain unsolved and other new problems come to threaten the rights and achievements of women .
Another neighbour , Macedonia , has been granted the status of a candidate country and is only awaiting a date to begin negotiations .
The Community will respect the jurisdiction of Member States , but Member States must not fail to shoulder their responsibilities to resolve this worrying social problem .
There is thus a direct involvement in almost all subjects , whether it is asylum , immigration , migration , <unk> , whether it is the Charter of Fundamental Rights , or anything else , there is a direct involvement of each individual citizen , male or female , in this matter .
What is more , I believe that the weapons inspections are working .
It also has the capacity to combine economic and political criteria : another important element .
According to our original timetable , to which the Conference of Presidents had agreed , it was to be debated during the November II part-session .
You are asking me to read out that letter .
<unk> have turned the myth of their religion into a streamlined ideology which forms the basis of their <unk> , and it is absolutely vital for the West to understand this fundamentalism .
This means not just the renewal of the EU &apos;s targeted sanctions when they expire on 18 February , but also the introduction of tough new measures .
Some of the contributions during the debate , such as the contributions from Mrs Terrón i Cusí and Baroness Ludford , dealt with the continued work .
Firstly , there is the convergence report on the euro and the Member States .
And yet , they are all opposed to the Council &apos; s proposal and welcome Parliament &apos; s proposal .
I am pleased that a number of elements in the Commission ’ s proposals concerning small-scale coastal fishing , and aquaculture investments in particular , have been amended in committee .
What will be good for the financial institutions will be good for economic growth , employment , the economy and for increased financial stability .
In my view , the information <unk> should be a facility and an effective guide and must act as a <unk> to channel disputes to the alternative settlement of disputes procedure , for example .
It is not often that we discuss <unk> that might be able to change something for the better .
He initially drafted this report to contribute to the current Europe-wide assessment of the achievements and failures of the CFP .
This time the main perpetrators are organised armed Albanian extremists taking advantage of what is often justified ethnic <unk> on the part of their many , <unk> , fellow countrymen , as is always the case , in order to incite them to wage war on other ethnic groups .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I think we are caught between a desire for clarity and the difficult nature of this subject .
We can only hope that you will make some proper headway with the people who always make out that they would fight doping .
The common market could also , of course , be opened up to all European countries .
I believe that this recommendation is <unk> and indeed it was rejected yesterday by Commissioner de Silguy during the debate on the <unk> report .
Most of all , are these not signs of a deep <unk> within Algerian society as a whole , but in particular among young people ?
After this , in response to the European Council , the Commission invited a high level group of experts to report on the economic and social implications of industrial change and make recommendations on ways to prevent consequences of the kind witnessed at the Renault factory .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , the directive on bathing water quality , approved as far back as 1976 , can now be seen to be clearly out of date ; so it is only right that it should be revised .
Luxembourg has been the point of departure .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Torres <unk> , and Mr <unk> for their speeches , and thank Parliament for its interest and support for the Commission &apos;s proposal for Community involvement in the initiative on the debt of heavily indebted countries .
The national authorities , including members of the Greek Government , have thus had several opportunities to present their arguments in meetings with the Commission .
King <unk> ’ s intervention on 1 February has done little to alleviate poverty .
The Commission cannot therefore accept amendments that would make the application of the directive , once adopted , dependent on the outcome of such negotiations .
Any request submitted by the Spanish authorities to the Commission , for example for payment of advances , will be given serious consideration .
I urge you to vote for this excellent report .
However , I must make clear reference to the fact that we must meet tight deadlines , and that that there will be absolutely no question , for example , of granting six-month deadlines for the presentation of data collection programmes .
In this respect , it is essential that the Commission adopts a clear position , based on <unk> systems applied in both Germany and France .
Papua has equally been a matter of continued concern and the subject of EU <unk> .
It is a committee provided for in the Treaties which , in practice , consists of personal representatives of the Ministers for Economic and Financial Affairs .
However , in connection with Parliament &apos;s view of last year I would urge Mr Duisenberg to reconsider a formal framework for the publication of summary minutes .
As we have seen , the agency was created in a difficult period for the Balkans .
I <unk> in favour of renationalization subject to the condition that , at the same time , the national membership contributions should be reduced in order to bring about the possibility of operating a prices and incomes policy and <unk> or extending support and intervention mechanisms <unk> and in the appropriate regions , having due regard to all underlying natural circumstances and the aspects of sustainability and efficiency .
These values , however , of which the old continent is so justifiably proud , today faces serious threats that can only be <unk> by common effort .
This begs the question of how a complicated procedure which cost so much and achieved so little can be presented as a successful EU policy .
We must therefore have a workable means of monitoring organic products and , finally , it is an advantage to have a common EU mark which ensures that consumers can recognize those goods which have been approved as organic at EU level .
I fully understand that Mr Wurtz does not wish us to make reference to a certain period of our recent history .
.
( FR ) What we should retain from this sitting is that we have debated at length a report on European security , whose content is for the most part completely out of date , and that we have <unk> , by a great majority , from debating the war in Iraq at a time when its outcome is at stake and its consequences concern our security first and foremost .
For the first time since the European Union was established we have here the basis of a constitution , a constitution for the supranational structure that is the European Union .
This is particularly important with regard to the possibility of using evidence that is obtained in court .
Ladies and gentlemen , Europe is failing in its duty ; it is unable to do its job despite the efforts of our High Representative , despite the efforts made in the Quartet .
We can make substantial savings in follow up work .
As you know , we have a basic difficulty : the legal basis for taking action .
I am still coming to terms with what I saw there .
( Part of the intervention without a <unk> ) I would like to stress that pensioners and the elderly are happy to give their jobs to young people .
Under <unk> Slovakia is slipping into , or should I say slipping back into , a totalitarian regime .
Other factors are at play here .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the agreement reached in Berlin on Agenda 2000 guarantees that the European Union will function in the short term , but it does not secure its <unk> and medium-term future .
Lastly , it is worth pointing out that the fishing grounds where the Community fleet operate are in international waters that do not belong to any one country , but are in <unk> Economic <unk> , according to the International Law of the Sea Treaty , that obliges all countries to leave the surplus resources from these zones that they cannot exploit themselves for other countries to use .
I would also like to congratulate Mrs Kauppi on her report , which has managed , as has already been said , to achieve the support of most of the political groups in this House .
For example , in Finland , which has provided examples for other issues we are discussing here , we have what we call <unk> compensation scheme , under which <unk> are paid <unk> , on an equal basis , for works of theirs that are available to the public .
It has already been said that promises were given in this House by the Commission that it would undertake a social and economic impact study into the abolition of duty-free sales .
Yet the choice made in this report is quite different , in fact the opposite , the complete <unk> .
I believe that the President of the Convention intends - and I support him in that intention - to ask each country what it expects of the European project , by using modern technology and perhaps by actually going to the countries in question and visiting each capital city , if the <unk> so wishes .
Mr President , Madam Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , species extinction and the loss of biodiversity in Europe and worldwide are proceeding at an ever-increasing pace .
.
But capital in particular is mobile and <unk> .
They are made <unk> by the prospect of national <unk> being replaced by a far stronger sense of European identity .
The agenda stipulates that , if this happens , just one speaker should be called upon to speak for each group .
Therefore , is it possible for the European Union to take the necessary steps to deal with the countries where those drugs are produced as an industry , to eradicate them completely , because the only thing they offer to the world is total damage in every way ?
In March , the government security forces and parallel militias indiscriminately killed innocent civilians in Abidjan and committed massive human rights violations .
We would like to change this .
Subject : Measures to reduce tension in Diyarbakir The Commission must re-establish that balance .
Mr Frattini , Mr <unk> , we are aware that all of this will meet with considerable resistance from many governments , but if this Parliament has a role to play , then it is to exert pressure , to commit itself and to send out the message : ‘ Let us do something about it . ’ In fact , the proposal gives rise to considerable misgivings about people ’ s legal certainty and is also in danger of <unk> significant costs for the service operators .
I do not believe that failure is an option .
You should bear that in mind too .
I am convinced that coordination of economic and social policy solely at national level has no meaning if you do not now also succeed in getting this underway at European level .
We hope they will make progress .
<unk> examination of the workings of the Commission has initiated a whole range of action and , in our report , we are now laying down a series of clear conditions for granting discharge .
This is clear from the significant pay gap between men and women and from the obstacles the latter are confronted with when seeking employment .
That is my introduction .
If we want youth and culture to take us seriously , we must take them seriously .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution ) It does not , of course , concern candidate countries or potential candidate countries , the countries of the western Balkans .
Indeed , European consumers &apos; confidence in food safety must be restored , and the establishment of a European Food Authority is the first major step towards restoring that confidence .
Parliament and the Council were very close to an agreement at that time , but the stumbling block proved to be the <unk> of actual expenses and tax liability .
The outlook for the future in terms of securing a permanent peace agreement in the Middle East is , I believe , now more promising than ever .
The third point relates to stepping up European efforts in its regional work and in the new regulatory areas which are being established throughout the world in order to adapt the promotion of core labour standards to local realities .
Next come Moldova and the <unk> republics – all of them are countries with <unk> conflicts but which have temporarily managed to halt their civil wars .
However , I would like to thank everyone who supports the work in this field .
The zero tolerance approach that emerges from the three relevant UN conventions is not <unk> , after all .
The transport of breeding cattle is not a matter for concern , and strict animal welfare regulations , which are in the farmers &apos; favour , can be taken for granted .
This is what is difficult .
In saying that , I am thinking mainly of the Aglietta report on commitology , the Anastassopoulos report on a uniform electoral procedure , the Theato report on the improvement of budgetary control and the Randzio-Plath report on democratic scrutiny of the ECB , as well as of proposals by Parliament which have the same aim , that of improving the functioning of the Institutions without amending the Treaty .
<unk> management is going to keep us busy for a very long time .
The vote will take place on Wednesday at 11.30 a. m . We are also seeing bilateral or multilateral initiatives and agreements which will lead us goodness knows where , in relation , for example , to the issue of Schengen in the Treaty .
And then there is Mr Prodi in Cairo who has also made a number of statements which are <unk> to the European Union .
Lastly , I wish to sound a warning about point 9 of this report , because measures for protecting new mothers , such as very long <unk> leave , may have unwanted effects , as it may become <unk> for employers to employ women , and they may consequently prefer to take on men .
Because of the gaps in scientific knowledge of the effects of some of these pollutants , there are plans for more research .
Mr President , although it appears that some people &apos;s shame and capacity to provoke knows no limits , I am always amazed that the only Member of this House who has not been able to condemn a single one of the attacks carried out by his friends , the <unk> <unk> of the terrorist group ETA , should refer to an apparent defence of human rights .
.
For that we are grateful to you , for you have thereby set down a milestone in the history of the European Union .
The next item is Question Time ( <unk> / 2003 ) .
The aim is to cover an extensive range of routine financial <unk> where standards have remained high and existing governance mechanisms have proved adequate .
The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party has endeavoured to clarify concepts with its Amendments 15 and 16 .
Should more progress be made in terms of the mutual recognition of systems ?
Mr President , Mr <unk> , this question is broadly covered by the proposal for a directive on levying charges for the use of certain transport routes by heavy goods vehicles .
I have to say that I was somewhat disappointed by the investigation by the Court of Auditors .
( The sitting was suspended until voting time at 5.30 p. m . ) Otherwise , the plan must be to relaunch the constituent process after the European elections .
In the case of bananas , for example , the Commission prefers to dismantle European production - in <unk> and <unk> in particular - to destroy the Lomé agreements with ACP countries and to encourage the establishment of the &quot; dollar banana &apos; , quite simply forgetting that bananas imported into the European Union from third countries do not respect the social and environmental clauses which are imposed on our producers .
I believe we shall learn more about that model as it becomes <unk> elsewhere in the coming months and years .
Up to now , this figure was only approximately 35 % .
Mr <unk> , the chairman of the Committee on Culture and Education , asked me why he had not been informed until the last minute .
It does not necessary help us to follow the policies which we wish to follow - it could actually have the effect of <unk> the policy altogether .
Because he controls the media like a dictator .
And this brings us to a point on which I agree fully with all the Members who have taken the floor , that is , the discretion of the Commission in initiating proceedings , since its action in this regard perhaps leaves much to be desired .
The main objective of all these measures is simply to respond to the problem of congestion in European airspace without reducing its safety , but rather increasing it .
Yet , the rapporteur himself reminds us how urgent the matter is when he <unk> a figure of 500 000 accidents per year in this sphere alone , leading to at least 40 000 cases of seriously injury and around a thousand deaths .
In other words , the image we have of the European Union is of a continent , but that ignores the fact that there is a whole series of island regions which experience difficulties .
The Council of Ministers of the European Union has on several occasions stated its commitment to establishing a democratic and <unk> Kosovo in accordance with the terms of United Nations Security Council Resolution <unk> .
Whilst we have to use the Member States ’ competences , this is something we have to bring together at the European level .
Finally , I would like to emphasise that , apart from the question of the <unk> authorisation , the amendments which the Commission has accepted in full , in part or in principle have resulted in a clear improvement of the quality of the proposal .
But the most important argument of all is for the 7.5 million people in Bulgaria and the 22 million people in Romania to be given the same opportunities that all of us in the European Union have today , which we got when we were weaker or smaller countries or poorer economies with less developed <unk> or economic and educational spheres .
We discussed that <unk> in the Council at the time , but many states still felt the time was not yet ripe and rejected the idea .
Mr President , almost two years ago , we adopted the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
Mr President , I too would like to thank both rapporteurs , Mr Marques and Mr <unk> .
The Commission welcomes the report prepared by the Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs and wishes to thank the rapporteur very sincerely for his very hard work .
How is it that , in football ’ s highest governing bodies , nobody seems deeply shocked by this ?
What is at issue here is a tradition , not the invalidity of security policy , as <unk> often seems to be thought .
This also applies to the Commission &apos;s proposal to create incentives for good financial management of the programmes .
The only thing is , Mr Schulz , that responsibility has not been accepted by the Commission alone .
That is the lesson we must learn , and I hope that the Member States that have hitherto refused to agree to common rules will now cease from obstructing tighter regulation at EU level , so that this modern form of slavery can now be done away with .
But we set our own rules , and even kept to them and acted in accordance with previously adopted principles .
We believe the system to be based on <unk> , which <unk> the grounds for financial support , making them unclear .
On the one hand , it is stipulated that the classification societies must have their own system of internal audits in order to measure the quality of their services in all the locations where they work , as well as clear rules for the responsibility and monitoring of all its branches and staff .
It is a question of implementing in this field what already exists , for example , in the fields of mobile <unk> and bank card systems .
It has become more necessary now to reassure , act and deliver on the enlargement agenda .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , fishing – just like agriculture – is not an economic sector like any other .
While all of us want to see a dramatic reduction in tobacco advertising , it is regrettable that the need for better education among young people has become overshadowed by the <unk> attractive argument for a blanket ban on advertising .
Furthermore , this measure is beneficial in combating global warming .
While Ireland is set to be one of the countries which will meet the Maastricht convergence criteria and thus will be in a position to join EMU at <unk> I , there are still a number of underlying economic concerns for the Irish economy .
It is still not an insurmountable problem .
The current situation means that new operators benefit from infrastructures paid for yesterday by public operators , the copper <unk> installations .
The citizen will see through this .
Of course , I am aware that papers have already been tabled on illegal immigration , in particular on trafficking in human beings and on the liability of hauliers , but these are specific texts , tabled , moreover , for the most part by Member States by virtue of their right of initiative , which they still have for the time being .
I welcome the release of the EUR 450 million of EU humanitarian aid , and do not accept the <unk> of innocence and , to date , impunity of the brutal regime in <unk> , which must be held to account for its brutal crimes .
Finally , on this point , there will be a full review of the whole process in 2004 .
We must all reflect on the difficulties of the last twelve months in particular and learn from the mistakes that were clearly made .
Fisheries agreement with <unk> From time to time it is presented as an immediate neighbourhood policy of the Member States – that is , Finland , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania and Poland .
Mr President , in the United Kingdom when we think of fishing we tend to think of fish that we eat , fish and <unk> , maybe even fish that we might eat in the <unk> around Strasbourg .
Mr President , I think I was probably one of the last Members of this Parliament to have the opportunity to visit Burma .
Emissions trading will be done on the stock market and stock exchange activity always involves speculation .
I regret that I cannot support amendments 1 and 2 as they weaken the report considerably on a point which is of great concern , that is , the use of <unk> , especially wild caught <unk> .
Rule <unk> refers at one point to legislative reports .
– Mr President , are computer programs patentable ?
An appointment should only be made following an application and on the basis of qualifications , not political <unk> .
<unk> technical measures can be effective but they are not without problems .
We are well aware that professional life , family life and private life are all aspects of our lives but at the same time , they form three complementary lives .
We know that this very trade is a major reason for the <unk> of conflicts and that the innocent civilian population suffers the most casualties .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we have before us a joint motion for a resolution which , I believe , reflects our concern about the political and social situation in Belarus in a most comprehensible form .
I am , therefore , going to vote against Amendment No 23 .
I cannot accept Amendment 30 .
It will point out that a number of important legislative and administrative measures have been carried out in order to prevent the abuse of human rights by public servants .
In euros , when it comes into circulation ...
I have to say that it still has some way to go , but there are sufficient grounds for progress , in the view of the majority of the committee , for us still to go ahead and grant discharge .
For the first time , the European Union is facing the possibility of having representatives in the Council of Ministers and here among us of a party which obviously holds views and puts forward legislation contrary to the values of the European Union .
With regard to the Balkans , I will naturally pay special attention to the elements which make up the Stability Pact .
With the proposal which has been put forward there is in fact only one limitation : the length of the journey .
It is no surprise then that there should be studies , like that of <unk> <unk> , which show that the United States , by pursuing a <unk> energy policy , could both meet the levels of Kyoto and achieve 1 % extra economic growth .
Madam President , serious international crises have a habit of highlighting national differences between the EU Member States .
What has happened , though , is not just a matter of mistakes being made ; what I find lamentable is the lack of sufficient political will on the part of the Heads of State or Government who took part and hence the lack of European leaders , indeed of European <unk> .
His intention is to propose to withdraw the proposal as requested by Parliament .
In addition to problems linked to training , there is - as I see it - a strategic point here : the registers and the resulting flags of convenience .
On this occasion , 90 people were injured and over <unk> were arrested ; most are still in prison .
I would point out that we are also trying to conclude free trade agreements with them .
As a result of this , planes are still used in Europe for <unk> distances .
Every time there was a problem , we went to him and we always got the problem solved .
We would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr Lage , who , in his report , has taken the opportunity to expand on special measures aimed at supporting unemployed women , <unk> working time , part-time working and supporting and monitoring small and medium-sized undertakings created by women .
Madam President , as I have just explained , we established the European Year of Education through Sport because we could not establish a European Year of Sport without a legal basis for financing it .
After all , it does not concern the Customs &apos; own money but that of the tax-payers .
However , we prefer to let ourselves become obsessed with oil pipelines and with discussions with <unk> .
I have heeded this advice , because taking careful steps in the <unk> arena is something which for me , as a <unk> , is a very important point to emphasize .
As from last year , the <unk> of economic activity in the United States and the rest of the world has been having a greater impact on the European Union than was originally anticipated .
I am pleased to be able to inform Parliament that the action plan adopted at the session does in fact contain a section on the family , proposed by the European Union .
More often than not , many workers are involved , and the reason is that there are employers who organise , lead and distribute work that will go <unk> in order to keep wage costs down and reduce taxes for themselves .
Such clubs play a prime social role in our villages and small towns and they must be given the opportunity to continue this work .
I do not think we have a major difference of opinion about that .
Of course , it is important to take values into account here .
Some of the support measures were , and continue to be , aimed at assisting the countries of Central and Eastern Europe and the newly independent countries with the <unk> of their nuclear reactors and improvement of their safety culture .
These are people who are not being persecuted individually by the State for political reasons , but who need asylum on other humanitarian grounds .
It had the courage to come up with a reform proposal and adjustments , but I notice that our Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development has <unk> those proposals and has instead embraced a short-sighted policy and opted in favour of short-term success .
As you know , Annex 3 paragraph 4 of the Rules of Procedures stipulates that the &quot; human rights &quot; item may include only five items .
I am sure that in two weeks &apos; time the situation will have become clearer .
As for the criteria regarding resources and evaluating the stability of resources , would it not be better to offer all residents access to the labour market , rather than to confine some of them to exclusion ?
If Parliament is <unk> to me , I shall see out my term .
Given that the two largest states of the euro zone , France and Germany , have remained in <unk> of the stability pact for years on end without finding the necessary <unk> strength to <unk> essential reforms , it is imperative that we , in this current phase involving the entry of Member States with a derogation , fulfil the conditions of the Maastricht Treaty to the letter .
The second issue is the issue of unemployment .
I do find it odd , though , that the European Parliament sets so little store by its own legislative work .
Of equal importance are the report &apos;s emphasis that the fight against terrorism must not endanger the protection of fundamental human rights and must be underpinned by international standards in the field of human rights and in international humanitarian law , and its request that the Council and the Member States include State terrorism in their definition of terrorism and its <unk> that all forms of forced labour , trafficking in human beings , which amounts to a form of slavery and the sexual exploitation of children are all violations of human rights .
Last year , several TACs were set higher than ICES advised .
I would ask that the last two words be deleted and that you accept that as an oral amendment .
However , they want action that makes our lives better , not more complicated .
That is why we should appreciate the innovative method introduced at the Genoa Summit by the Italian Government , which <unk> up a series of preliminary talks with the demonstration leaders in order to make participation in the Summit itself more democratic .
What is this about ?
Does that answer your question Mr Wynn ?
In light of the tragedy that people have gone through and the totally insufficient responses given to date , the establishment of a European Water Fund for the ACP countries is a good initiative .
Both <unk> refer to the <unk> report ( radioactivity in food and the environment ) issued by the UK Food <unk> Agency and the Scottish Environmental Protection Agency .
There is an <unk> large number of Nordic rapporteurs this year , and the budget will also undergo its final reading during the Danish Presidency .
However , our main demand is still that the death penalty should be abolished or not introduced .
But the agreement we are reaching today should not be regarded as a backward step compared with the <unk> / Delors Agreement .
That means , in the <unk> terms , that we are going to have to implement wide-ranging measures if we are going to be in a position to defeat the scourge of international terrorism .
If you still have any doubts about whether these concentration camps actually existed , I am more than willing to invite you to join me on a visit to it .
We have no intention of <unk> existing organizations that are doing a good job , but it also makes sense to set a deadline , because that makes it clear that we can also act independently if need be .
The costs of congestion , too , are already borne in part by those involved in it , but only in part .
<unk> in the <unk> sense is what we need to do .
The time we were allotted was very short .
We also have to make it clear that Turkey has to recognise the right of Cyprus to negotiate to join the European Union if we are to develop relations .
What is currently happening in the aftermath of the Irish vote on the Nice Treaty is unacceptable by any standards of Western democracy .
It is for Member States to guard against the flow of migrants and to combat people trafficking .
I asked her what she spends on cultural , sports and social activities for the village .
Mr President of the Commission , I am in favour of creating a European defence identity , including the military dimension thereof , and I welcome with open arms the outcome of the unofficial meeting of the Defence Ministers in <unk> .
The next item on the agenda is Question Time ( <unk> / 2004 ) .
It must be written in a way that people understand and is relevant to the real economy .
Could the Commission justify why Galileo will only be used for civilian purposes , as it seems absurd that the EU decides to build its own satellite navigation system , yet denies its military capacity ?
The first pillar is enhancing security and consolidating peace in our country .
A lot more can and should be done , and the Commission will watch these developments closely and contribute in whatever way we can .
If <unk> is included in this legislation , it will only make the scheme even more unacceptable for businesses .
The Heads of State and Government are about to meet in Dublin , and we hope that there will be good news for the millions of unemployed , for all those young people whose future prospects are currently so bleak , and for the children whose parents are out of work because our tax and social security rules have not been harmonized .
I look forward to building on it in 2006 to make sure that our work programme is implemented with determination and success .
I see from a Commission press release that as part of the European Voluntary Service scheme 71 young people have been assigned to the organizing committee of the 1998 World Cup in France .
There has been <unk> evidence to prove that reducing business taxation , reducing the cost of labour , increases employment opportunities , increases real jobs with real incomes and also can lead to greater social benefits because of increased taxation delivery .
The reinforced principle of solidarity under Article 9 ( 4 ) , which sets out the rule that flood management in one state cannot be allowed to increase flood risk for neighbouring countries , must be understood in the sense that there has to be mutual preliminary consultation and subsequent coordination of individual <unk> measures , with agreement on both the upper and lower flow levels of a given river , and with no risk of mutual negative impacts for any of the states that a given river flows through .
As regards the question of comparisons of products presented as <unk> - one Member referred to <unk> products , <unk> out a well-known brand of <unk> - we take the view that the reference made in recital 17 of the common position and the protection afforded by the trade mark are sufficient .
The European Union &apos;s role in the world concerns the European citizens and therefore their representatives .
All three deal with preparing for the future of a Union enlarged to double the present number of countries , through the establishment of rigorous and appropriate pre-accession strategies .
Our States must therefore collaborate and exchange information .
There is no question that the European Parliament has insufficient powers and everyone knows that the Italian presidency has fought and is fighting in the Intergovernmental Conference for greater powers for Parliament , but there is no doubt that Parliament and individual Members have the power to put political pressure on the Commission , especially about progressing specific proposals , so it might be worth using it with more determination .
The entire budget stood guarantee in full for any potential <unk> .
Approval of the Minutes In the five years to come , we will have to create quality jobs , anticipate and manage the adjustments to the new social environment , draw on the opportunities offered by a knowledge-based economy , modernise and improve social protection , promote social inclusion , encourage gender equality , reinforce fundamental rights and combat discrimination .
Mr President , it will be seen from the Minutes that the Friday session finished at <unk> a. m . , and that we only had a single item on the agenda .
Romania also needs support in its implementation of the new law on child protection .
Fourth , from the point of view of <unk> economies in the EU , the level of financial assistance should be proportional to countries &apos; current economic level of development .
That is important to our common foreign policy and our foreign trade policy alike .
Therefore I see little justification at this point to further tighten emission limit values for sulphur dioxide for existing plants .
Is the Council aware that we must set this as a priority ?
I can however understand the fact that you still disagree with me , so I probably have nothing to gain from putting the question to you one more time , but I believe that you should take account of the fact that ten Member States are against such a duty .
Mr Barroso , instead of doing some thorough <unk> when you moved in , you have just <unk> some of the problems under the carpet where they will <unk> until , one day , they <unk> and cause problems .
This is due , in large part , to two factors .
There is a principle involved here , and we must apply it consistently .
And that theory is this : Europe has economic problems , Europe has worries about the future , without any doubt , Europe is under pressure from immigration and has problems with the distribution of its own wealth , but Europe has a future in front of it if we in the Council and the Commission and this House want it , by which I mean that we will solve these problems without making other , innocent third parties <unk> for the fact that we have to solve our own problems !
My group favours an active role for Europe in rebuilding Iraq , but for that we need the legitimacy which can come only from another UN resolution .
The Environment Committee of this Parliament has been at the forefront in addressing the issue of climate change in the past .
I know there is no-one in this House who will ever want to do that .
By putting in the highly sensitive competition post an <unk> <unk> of market economics , as one <unk> put it , an industrial <unk> who represents and <unk> dubious relations between public responsibilities and private interests , to the point of having been severely and unanimously <unk> by his national parliament ; by naming in the post of international trade a champion of free trade , who has no <unk> about announcing that he puts his faith in competition to improve the performance of public services ; by giving the internal market portfolio to a fundamentalist of liberalism , that of the environment to a conservative , for whom ecology appears to be the least of his concerns , and that of agriculture to a champion of the agricultural business , and so on and so forth , the President-designate has no doubt succeeded in convincing a number of <unk> that he <unk> a particular idea of Europe that they certainly did not share .
Obviously , the length of buses is dictated by commercial considerations .
I would like to take a moment to look at the report by Mr <unk> as , in my view , it is extremely important and it covers almost all the areas that still require work in this process of European integration .
Then there is Amendment No 6 to consider : certificates do have to be made out in several languages because this again makes them easier to check and facilitates the work of the authorities .
We need a defence policy dedicated purely to following up the recommendations of the experts .
And after consulting world-wide for many months the <unk> report recommends extending such research for therapeutic purposes .
This intensification has a significant environmental impact and <unk> less productive locations .
It is uncertain whether the Member States will declare their high VAT rates or their varying low VAT rates to be applicable .
It is often this type of company which can facilitate increased competition and diversity in the <unk> .
Subject : <unk> project for the completion of <unk> 2 and <unk> 4 nuclear reactors ( <unk> / <unk> ) in the Ukraine We voted against this draft regulation for a number of reasons .
If there are to be negotiations , then it has to be said – frankly and fairly , while acknowledging the progress Turkey has made – that we will be in the very remarkable situation of negotiating with a country in which human rights are violated on a massive scale .
Mr President , many issues have been raised in the course of this debate on the European Union ’ s common foreign and security policy .
Such a programme was considered necessary mainly because the Community <unk> a specific instrument which would deal with situations between purely humanitarian actions and medium to long-term aid .
Mr President , I would like to thank the Commissioner for his precise answer and substantial input in this matter .
Again , I would condemn the lack of solidarity demonstrated towards those Members of this Parliament who are less well paid by some very well paid Members , who took it upon themselves in their countries to <unk> at the expense of other people .
There should be no more shifts of this type .
Such a fundamental change to the direction taken by the EU should be placed before the people of Europe in referendums .
Turning to safety and the fitting of seat belts , we would emphasize especially the importance of fitting <unk> seat belts on coaches and buses , as well as <unk> bars on coaches and <unk> .
We have also known that what happens to some people will also happen to others and I think that if the European Parliament could , by observing a minute &apos; s silence , express its solidarity with this officer &apos; s family and loved ones , with the <unk> and with all French and European citizens affected by this evil , it would be sending out a very important signal .
The democracy and efficiency of the institutions has always been one of the great strengths of the Union .
There are rules which apply in this case , both in connection with the habitats directive and Natura 2000 , and we shall of course study carefully the replies we receive , because it is our task to ensure that the environment is treated properly , which is also what we shall do in this case .
A more advanced and intense phase of political dialogue and cooperation must be opened up , which fully involves not only governments but also civil society in all its facets .
<unk> can only be solved by joining our forces , not by <unk> them .
<unk> can only be allocated efficiently if the full picture is clear .
I speak as the draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs , and I wish to express my satisfaction regarding the proposal for the establishment of a European Institute for Gender Equality .
Mr Aznar , this could be your main worry in the coming six months .
First of all , it <unk> the outcome of current negotiations , while the European Union awaits an imminent response from the government of Belarus on the concerns which it has expressed .
He is a parliamentarian of considerable skill , and he has argued his case throughout with force and conviction .
There are economic and commercial reasons for this , but there is also the essential need for political cooperation in order to create a world order of peace and stability .
It is therefore not possible to maintain stricter rules unless evidence can be produced that they are necessary .
Why do airline tickets have to be so cheap ?
This ought to make us think seriously .
We are very quick to condemn it , but I should like to point out that , in some cases , our actions have been quite different .
It is up to each individual country to manage the way in which film is regulated .
<unk> / 97 by Mr Varela Suanzes-Carpegna on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council Decision on the ratification by the European Community of the Agreement for the implementation of the provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December <unk> relating to the conservation and management of <unk> stocks ( fish which are found both inside and outside exclusive economic zones ) and highly migratory fish stocks ( COM ( 96 ) <unk> - <unk> / 96-96 / <unk> ( CNS ) ) ; <unk> / 97 by Mr Macartney , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries on the proposal for a Council Regulation on the conclusion of the Protocol defining , for the period from 1 June 1996 to 31 May 1999 , the fishing opportunities and the financial contribution provided for by the Agreement between the European Community and the Democratic Republic of Sao Tomé and Principe on fishing off Sao Tomé and Principe ( COM ( 96 ) <unk> - <unk> <unk> <unk> / 96-96 / <unk> ( CNS ) ) ; <unk> / 97 by Mr <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the international fisheries agreements ; <unk> / 97 by Mr Teverson , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposals for Council Regulations amending : I Regulation ( EEC ) No 189 / 92 adopting provisions for the application of certain control measures adopted by the <unk> Atlantic Fisheries Organization ( NAFO ) ( COM ( 96 ) <unk> - <unk> / <unk> / <unk> ( CNS ) ) , And I think that this convergence of views is a major <unk> card that we should hold on to both in terms of the issues at stake in the reform and of the working method that we should adopt .
The money that we are making available to the region will not by itself win us influence .
Mr <unk> , I am going to reply to the problem of Amendment 4 ( 2 ) which you have raised .
The European Monetary Institute has completed a report on how compatible the various national laws on finance are with the Maastricht Treaty .
These new roles – of selling the Treaty , of ensuring that the citizens understand its benefits and of ensuring that we show the peoples of Europe that it does not undermine their own national interests – will help us guarantee that the European Union functions smoothly .
Secondly , it is worth pointing out that the European Parliament is not <unk> to guarantee public order in the immediate vicinity outside its buildings .
I have called upon the Commission to propose phasing out future EU funding of the energy sector in Kosovo if the present situation continues .
Finally , I would like to thank the delegates for their remarkable cooperation and I am also grateful to the European Commission and the President-in-Office of the Council .
So why are we back here today debating this injustice in this Chamber ?
Following the German saying <unk> good and tell about it &apos; , this would give the European Union a better image and reputation in the regions .
It also states in its appraisal that it is emissions from traffic that are clearly increasing most of all .
The Iraq war has shown that Russia is part of a European area of cooperation .
I believe it is probably the kind of legislation which the European Commission is least likely to provide .
This means that for most substances and commodities , 15 and soon 25 different national sets of rules apply .
Our current <unk> society might then shift towards a proper service society .
I do not think so .
The current COM for olive oil has resulted in substantial improvements in terms of quality and consumer safety .
In particular , it will be my pleasure to let the honourable Member know the details of the action planned for the occasion .
The Lisbon objective needs a shot in the arm and that should come from a new Parliament and a new Commissioner .
It is important to emphasise that Member States will have to create their own national <unk> .
In my few months here , I have found it astonishing that whilst we all talk about the need to encourage businesses to grow within the EU , nearly every resolution we pass actually encourages businesses to leave .
We need to give it that time .
Through the <unk> , the European Union is ready to reinforce its lasting commitment to supporting democratic development in Belarus .
Mr President , Mr Sterckx ’ sound report does in fact take into account the important data confirmed during the months of work by the Temporary Committee .
In the light of the ambitions at stake , the <unk> budget allocated to this project by the Commission may be cause for surprise .
.
The huge growth in the reach of the Internet has recently drawn the institutions ’ attention to the need to safeguard the rights of minors , which should be protected especially carefully in so far as they are among the main possible users of the web .
China still has Tibet under military occupation ; it is still threatening Taiwan ; it is still failing to respect human rights .
I have absolutely no sympathy with all the <unk> and <unk> letters we receive from industry .
The United Nations , <unk> , the European Communities - these institutions have served us well , and they are too valuable to be abandoned in the face of current differences of approach .
We have voted against the report on perspectives of women in international trade .
The origin of this list cannot be <unk> to any legal procedure whatsoever , but comes from the <unk> .
In short , there is a legal void .
In conclusion , Mr President , the Commission considers that the compromise proposal , which found a unanimous consensus in the Internal Market Council of 18 May 1998 , will be capable of adding the value the European Council asked for .
I would remind you that , on Monday 14 November , in Strasbourg , Parliament approved the agenda for this Brussels part-session .
That is the fundamental political question I would like to put to our friends in the Socialist Party in the European Parliament , and in particular to Mr <unk> , who raised this question .
I hope he or she is no longer with the Commission , certainly not in DG <unk> .
For a start , there is no such thing as a humane trap .
The Committee on the Environment agreed on that unanimously , after the vote had , indeed , been deferred twice by reason of the somewhat <unk> discussion .
After all , this intervention undoubtedly affects the EU Member States ’ external interests , not to mention Ukraine ’ s national independence and its citizens ’ political freedom .
Thank you .
I hope that it will apply for a long time to come and that each country will decide for itself what shipments of radioactive waste from other countries it will accept .
It is in Europe &apos;s interest and the whole world &apos;s interest that China shows the world what must be done in these circumstances .
It was the Committee on the Rules of Procedure which was mentioned .
A high proportion of foreigners in school classes causes major problems in the acquisition of these basic skills .
The rapporteur will deliver his opinion on each amendment in the House , as was decided by his committee .
When the Commission tabled this proposal , we took due account of the technical difficulties that could arise from fitting these instruments on board existing ships and craft and we therefore made the provision that the committee could agree on exemptions from some of the technical requirements that <unk> have to comply with .
These issues top the political agenda across Europe , and they are often the most <unk> in mobilising political activity , often in a reactionary and even dangerous way .
An analysis of existing legal instruments relating to endocrine <unk> will also be part of this exercise .
I would like to say a quick word about trade .
Madam President , Commissioner , you said that you had not held a press conference .
Nevertheless , we should be aware that even countries as large as Turkey , which on top of this is a candidate country , must comply with certain criteria .
It sets an ambitious target for the financial contribution of the European Union and its Member States , a target of a billion euros a year .
What should our policy be ?
I fear that few of our colleagues will have been curious enough to go and see what a detention centre is really like .
New forms of terrorism are emerging as a result of the on-going and rapid development of information technologies , electronic <unk> and computer equipment .
In fact , the situation with the TACIS regulation was complex and <unk> and it was difficult to establish complete compatibility between a fully transparent procedure and full involvement of all the institutional levels in the decision on the regulation , and the definition of the regulation within a sufficiently short time .
<unk> of this kind are dangerous to both animals and human beings , and it is incredibly important that we in the EU devote adequate resources to maintaining the fight against them at a high level .
Unfortunately neither equality nor democracy were in evidence , and yet the EU preferred to ignore this fact .
We have to steer clear of <unk> , an agreement which is too liberal , and <unk> , over-regulation and protectionism .
However , we were under the impression that the internal market was part of the efforts of the European Union to remove regional disparities and offer a better quality of life to all European citizens .
It is also reasonable to phase in the application of on-board <unk> .
They can also introduce new working methods and develop new jobs in which noise levels are kept to a minimum .
The second issue is no less important and has to do with farmers on this border .
Besides the taxation problem referred to above , we must promote more comprehensive harmonisation of national legislation , more integration of the environment policy and other European policies - especially agricultural policy and incentives for industrial innovation and infrastructure programmes - and make a determined effort to clean up our cities and pursue a policy of sustainable development there , for they are the foundations of the European ideal .
Those who had turned out in large numbers to <unk> him by a large majority had believed that , having been freed from the dictatorship of <unk> and <unk> <unk> <unk> , they would now be able to have a new life in a bright future .
I should also like to know which of these <unk> is the <unk> , which one has the most impact and where can we add a few more <unk> .
The European Union and the Republic of Bulgaria have concluded a European Association Agreement , which came into force on 1 February 1995 .
For these people , there was no European unity for years .
We have promoted and will continue to promote meetings and dialogue between Israeli parliamentarians and the elected officials of the Palestinian Legislative Council .
In March 1997 the Legal Service delivered an opinion on the legal base for the proposed regulation introducing a system of labelling and <unk> of cattle and for identifying beef .
<unk> ago , the then Belgian Presidency proposed a compromise enabling us to accommodate subsidiarity on this point .
How much further do we want it to fall ?
We cannot give up on making this great ideal a reality , giving Europe basic legislation that will enable it to provide 450 million citizens with answers to the problems that concern them most : immigration , security , competitiveness with emerging countries , the energy issue , the definition of borders and job creation .
History shows that state monopolies have often led to economic inefficiency , mismanagement , corruption and injustice in developing countries .
I have no doubt that this response will strengthen the very status of the statement .
After all , Mr President , each compromise must clearly identify the third countries to which the directive can actually be extended .
I can tell you that , as a MEP representing the United Kingdom – where gas prices are three times the price of gas in the Netherlands and where factories have been warned that they may have to close for a while due to gas shortages .
Children must be treated as <unk> partners in the decision-making process .
There are constitutional concerns in some Member States , notably Germany and Austria .
A Commission document has just shown that half of the young people who pursue <unk> studies in the United States go on to stay there .
I think I have answered Mr Medina Ortega &apos;s questions in connection with the European Court of Justice .
In so doing , I wish to pay tribute to the manner in which Parliament continues to emphasize the importance of international humanitarian and human rights issues for the Union .
Mr President , I support the concept of integrating care for the environment into other policies such as the structural funds , agricultural funds and so on .
Mr President , last July I tabled an oral question to the Commission on renewing the scientific and technical cooperation agreement with Israel .
We will work with you to <unk> that impasse .
Leyla Zana and the three other former Kurdish MPs have not been released but are on hunger strike along with Kurdish prisoners in many other Turkish <unk> .
Research and development are indeed one of the objectives set .
Those who have problems with this leave themselves open to the suspicion that they are very insecure and believe it self-evident that their own language and culture can only be safeguarded by restricting others rather than through their own <unk> .
The purpose of the document is to initiate a wide-ranging discussion with Parliament , the Member States and voluntary organisations on the framing of future asylum procedures in Europe .
Others have spoken about this .
The success of the <unk> strategy requires the European Commission to put forward proposals to make these technologies accessible to all citizens , taking account of the crucial role given to the regions , to safeguard the principles of freedom and pluralism of the media , and to set out clear actions to protect against illegal and harmful content and to protect minors and human dignity , while also protecting privacy .
These have all now driven themselves out .
You have proposed absolutely nothing !
Mr President , I should like to start by paying tribute to the Commission - not a common event , but it has to be done sometimes .
Who can settle for that ?
The <unk> &apos; of these statistics needs to be monitored and the statistical data must be collected in the light of a <unk> to know &apos; for businesses , but also to manage policies in the sector .
What is proposed now is contrary to the Rules of Procedure because it involves returning to a text by means of an annex .
In <unk> society , extended families were the normal family structure .
Does it <unk> with rural development ?
Not only are the substantive issues serious enough to justify not doing so , but the real truth is that the Commission is incapable of undertaking these reforms by itself .
We also know that mountain <unk> have a role to play .
Instead , there must also be improved public scrutiny of the Bank &apos; s activities .
I understand that he has done his utmost within his competence as Commissioner to thoroughly oversee this matter where it falls under his responsibility .
Secondly , small and medium-sized firms must be able to participate fully in the fourth programme .
There will also be more likelihood of the United States wishing to exchange its experience and defence materials with us .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , for us , <unk> the poorest countries ’ debts is , indeed , an absolute necessity if we wish seriously to tackle <unk> inequalities and <unk> as much as underdevelopment .
It is completely mistaken and inappropriate to tie Europe ’ s existence and the survival of the European Union to Turkey ’ s accession .
Question No 10 by Brian Crowley ( <unk> / 96 ) We shall do the same concerning other important partners in <unk> Africa , such as Senegal .
But it is here , in direct contact with the citizens of the European Union , that we find the <unk> and limitations of European Union legislation .
The G7 are particularly busy and are getting ready for possible new measures .
All of this will certainly enable Lisbon to progress further .
But our interests are not only economic and commercial .
<unk> economists have found a radical solution to this problem : just imposing a single currency will radically eliminate internal fluctuations in <unk> !
I wish - if you do not mind - to stress first of all the word female , because these two women are politicians in countries where it is very difficult to attain this <unk> and to break into this field .
These are interesting proposals .
( PT ) It is a well-known fact that defining the quality of education is a very complex political issue that depends specifically on the objectives set , the means to achieve them and the conditions that determine whether they can be achieved .
The report sets out the main changes in the respective positions of women and men in education , employment and social life .
Let us be quite clear about this : nothing , absolutely nothing , can justify or even explain this blind terror and the violence directed against human bodies and minds .
Mr President , the principle of prevention being better than cure applies before anything else .
In the case of a Member of Parliament this applies even more forcefully , and for this reason you should overwhelmingly reject this request for a waiver because immunity is there not to protect the person of the Member of Parliament but to protect freedom , his freedom to think , his freedom to have his own views .
2 to increase the budgetary allocation to the <unk> Programme , to be distributed fairly , in view of the constraints that they face ; and In anticipation of the forthcoming ASEM summit in Copenhagen , it must be <unk> clear that there is full support for maintaining and developing relations between the EU , the ASEM countries and Asia as a whole .
This should assure the correct financing of the requirements for 1999 in the light of the Edinburgh decisions .
However , I shall at least try to make my position clear on some aspects of this report which have concerned Parliament in reaction to the Commission &apos; s initiative and the commitments announced by the Council .
Integrated rural development must not be restricted solely to agricultural structures , for the maintenance and the functioning of rural areas are dependent on a functioning infrastructure being in place .
The resolution is a basis for action now .
Madam President , our thoughts are with our American friends who have been <unk> by this <unk> and barbaric violence .
Mr President , on a point of order I would have appreciated being given the floor before you called the vote .
It appears as if it is simply a question of groups of men who find themselves in a world in which nothing else counts but their own solidarity and their own oppression of women .
In connection with Zimbabwe too , the link between foreign policy and development policy is clear , as too is the fact that , in spite of everything , the EU has succeeded in obtaining an agreement , which means that we can operate in Zimbabwe in the hope of achieving good results .
Only if Iraq refuses to <unk> inspectors , if it <unk> <unk> their work or if those inspectors find evidence of Iraq developing weapons of mass destruction would the international community be justified in taking further action .
Nevertheless , the 1997 regulation expired in 1999 .
Mr Prodi , you spoke of <unk> in order to describe your future policy .
We are facing many common threats : international terrorism , Aids , poverty and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
But we have all lost a little so that we may all emerge <unk> , because , if there was one thing we all agreed upon , it was that the situation of fishing in the Mediterranean could not remain at the mercy of a minimal regulation , which complicated more than it resolved .
This directive was <unk> in Parliament &apos;s first reading four years ago .
One of the key aspects of the debate on the future of the Cohesion Fund is , of course , that of ‘ statistical wealth ’ .
Social security and protection are among the greatest <unk> of working people in Europe , and were achieved after many years of battling against the aspirations of big business , and by the constant expression of the solidarity that <unk> working people .
Nobody wants war but if a solution is to be achieved , there has to be movement by the Iraqi government to guarantee those important points which I have identified and which I know are included in the backing Kofi Annan has from the Security Council .
In my view , Madam President , this decision infringes both the letter and the spirit of Rule 134 of our Rules of Procedure and I know that not only Mr <unk> and myself but a whole lot of other people too are concerned about it .
Madam President , I am glad of the opportunity to update you on the latest developments in the on-going crisis in relation to BSE .
I would say to the Commissioner today , because I know that his services are working on the annual economic report at the moment , that we would like to know exactly what the new annual economic report will look like .
.
Mr President , I should like to start by saying that Mr Zī le and Mr El <unk> have both tabled excellent reports , for which I should like to thank them .
What is intended through these measures ?
As a result of this initiative , Europol would have four levels of classification corresponding to those adopted in the Council decision of 19 March 2001 and the Commission decision of 29 November 2001 .
Does the Council agree that to end duty-free sales would result in higher fares and travel costs for passengers , with ferry ticket prices expected to rise by an average 30 % and a consequent loss in consumer choice ?
This is a matter that various Commissioners are working on .
.
Take the transport area , for example .
Finally , it is about <unk> a more determined attack upon the black economy .
Does the country have a government or is it ruled by <unk> ?
Mr President , Mr <unk> , I think there were two parts to your question .
After <unk> , the <unk> is now affecting <unk> sales .
Madam President , may I start by saying that I agree wholeheartedly with what Mr <unk> just said , although that is not why I asked for the floor .
My first is that prolonging the negotiations will not bring any change to the fundamental differences between Serbia and Kosovo .
I repeated it and that is how things are .
It is of course welcome that by July we will have started regular discussions with new Member States , but should these discussions not perhaps have been started a year ago , so that we could have kept to the proposed schedule ?
Obviously , the political goal has become so <unk> that the risks , the risk of diminished security , for instance , are being accepted into the bargain .
The Danish Social Democrats support the other amendment tabled by the Group of the Party of European Socialists , endeavouring as it does to <unk> the rapporteur &apos;s report away from the concept of harmonization .
There is nothing to reflect about .
Mr Duisenberg should in fact be here by now but he is stuck in a traffic <unk> .
In other words , in their <unk> , they want <unk> &apos; which earn more than one billion dollars per year .
Mr President , for the benefit of the draftsmen of opinions on my report , I should mention the fair comment by Mr <unk> that there is little trace in my report of the specific proposals contained in the opinions .
The main purpose of making such derisory resources available is to strengthen the power of capital and <unk> down any social achievements left over from the socialist era .
I do not believe the excuse that the Commission does not have enough staff in order to do this to be a valid one .
Let the Commissioners be appointed by , and be answerable to , the national parliaments .
What , specifically , is one prepared to do to ensure that this structural cause of violence , that it to say , men &apos; s behaviour , is changed ?
Mr President , I voted in favour of the report on Turkey and I believe we did good work today .
But , as the previous speaker mentioned , during the <unk> , my homeland of Poland was hit first by a serious drought and then by flooding .
That is why we believe a detailed analysis and assessment of the economic impact of the proposed options for change should be conducted for the individual countries .
Before we move to the vote , Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf wishes to make a statement .
Where are the programmes to <unk> animal meal and animal waste and to implement obligatory testing throughout the European Union ?
I would like to see and hear more about the Commissioner ’ s previous commitments to me on neglected diseases and the reports we have brought through Parliament in the past .
<unk> issues have become a priority .
Finally , this act of ours is a challenge to the Council and the Union &apos;s other institutions : they too must clarify the conditions under which not only political <unk> but also officials of all grades perform their duties .
<unk> requirements go hand in hand with a responsible attitude , which is clearly not the case with this Motion of <unk> .
The European Commission should carry out a legal analysis and only the 25 or so amendments that have already been tabled should be included in the first part of the treaty and be subject to an immediate decision .
It has been discussed in the Committee on Petitions , all sorts of promises have been made and we are due to debate it again this week , but so far we have seen precious little action .
The vote will take place tomorrow .
In the framework of Stockholm we need to look very seriously at the importance of the social partners in improving flexibility for our enterprises , whilst at the same time safeguarding workers in or moving between those enterprises .
A peaceful and stable Afghanistan is an important <unk> against the resurgence of extremism in the region .
We need political guidelines .
My group does not think so , and has therefore voted against all these amendments .
As I have said , the Commission is quite prepared to extend the group &apos;s mandate until the end of the year .
On the other hand , however , both the rapporteur and the Members have stressed that this occasion calls for reflection upon the way in which the Centre operates and upon the results it has produced in recent years , and I feel that we cannot say we are satisfied with its performance up until now .
To this end , it is very important that a campaign be implemented - and a very good campaign - so that in 2002 the euro may enjoy the degree of confidence and acceptance which we all want .
Those who defend public service do not use fear as an argument to defend their values , and those who are in favour of a universal service are not <unk> , nervous <unk> , but Europeans .
If agricultural policy is not changed we shall not be able to pay for it .
As for the financial sector , excessive additional costs should not be feared because much of the data has already been <unk> due to careful monitoring of these sectors .
If we ourselves take action to <unk> the <unk> right of the big companies to <unk> people as they see fit , we shall , after all , be doing nothing more than defending , by our actions , a European project that is worthy of the name , and a Parliament that is closer to the people .
Such an approach can only increase the effectiveness of the use of Cohesion Fund appropriations .
Although it may have been naïve of me to think that it would indeed be possible and that the political will existed , I sincerely hoped that within my own group , of all groups , a majority would opt in favour of the public interest and against <unk> .
Security , justice and the protection of human rights are a genuine priority , and I would like you to know that the Commission is going to do everything possible to respond to those demands .
Some governments ought then to deal decisively with the problem of conversion for the sake of their own fishermen and future generations .
Now that it is like this , however , I do think that Mrs <unk> is quite right when she says that that is not to be expected with the proposed amendment .
The Council would have moved no further ; the whole thing became a never-ending <unk> of framework decisions and disputes .
I would also like to point out that the submission of petitions <unk> is permitted in many corresponding bodies in the national parliaments and by our own Ombudsman .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the main challenge facing the Union today is political .
Here , too , I want to underline what you said .
No new money is needed .
The only thing in the Lisbon conclusions one could agree with is that <unk> are Europe &apos; s main asset &apos; , except for the fact that they are not <unk> to be <unk> &apos; in the international money markets and to sacrifice themselves so that the monopolies can <unk> their profits .
After all , we have established very good cooperation in the European Economic Area in order to give support in the workings of government and administration , and we have seen this done in several other cooperative arrangements between parliaments .
The broad economic policy guidelines are essential for defining the European dimension of economic and monetary policy , as demanded by monetary union and the euro .
The payment appropriations in next year &apos;s budget stand at just <unk> % of GNP , which is to say EUR <unk> billion below the financial perspectives .
It probably needs to be more explicit about the notion of hospitality .
This seems a rhetorical question to me .
Parliament should not establish agendas and organise the sitting according to the convenience of individuals .
I will only give one example .
In some Member States over-regulation has led to <unk> competition where no operator generates any revenues .
I also have in mind the President of the Commission , Jacques Santer , with whom I helped to negotiate the Treaty of Maastricht , in my capacity as the Prime Minister of my country ; Commissioner de Silguy ; Karl von Wogau ; and all the members of our Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy .
One group worker was detained for over an hour because she had distributed information about our events at the <unk> Forum .
We have <unk> up to our responsibility .
It is also remarkable that the Commissioner does not even listen to people when they are talking .
.
– Mr President , the political situation in Moldova is an example of how political declarations fail to <unk> with either the opportunities available to implement them or the goodwill to do so .
It also dramatically confirms the fact that a social Europe comes behind the Europe of the market and currency .
This situation is compounded by the fact that the citizens are quite inadequately informed on the question of the introduction of the euro because the information campaign so far on the introduction of a single currency has been conducted in a <unk> one-sided manner .
In so far as we are the vehicles for direct consensus and have a mandate from the people , for certain issues we must succeed in <unk> off the political ideologies to which we subscribe .
We are also dealing today with the international fisheries agreements with Senegal and Mauritius , as we have heard .
The major role the Israeli Government plays in the region identifies it as the one whose duty it is to end this disgrace .
The ELDR Group is strongly committed to achieving EMU in line with the Treaty criteria and timetable , but there remains space for real policy debate .
It is quite an achievement to meet the convergence requirements and , at the same time , as Greece is doing now , to achieve increases in growth and employment .
I would like to congratulate President <unk> <unk> of the Republic of Korea on his commitment to the <unk> policy which will allow the <unk> of <unk> relations and welcome <unk> <unk> <unk> &apos;s positive response .
As at first reading we question the efficiency of the methods of financing the employment initiative .
When we set out the Fourth Framework , the Third Framework , the Second Framework , the First Framework , society was poorer than it is now .
Consequently , we support actually <unk> the EU budget contributions by Member States to 1 % <unk> National <unk> .
The experience with energy supply has taught us that national policies alone will not bring either greater internal security or greater external influence .
This report emphasizes the importance of space , the need for support from public funds - commercial interests will be totally inadequate - and the real added value that comes from European Union work .
The European Union will only be bound following the exchange of the legislative acts with the United States of America , which will consequently only take place once the Council has taken a second decision <unk> the Presidency to exchange the legislative ratifying acts with the United States of America .
The European agricultural model has to be forcefully promoted in the talks .
It has defined necessary strategies for the future , which also incorporate important suggestions for the legislative work on which we are about to embark .
It has taken three years of inaction to demonstrate that making business <unk> easier and cheaper across the Union - something the Prime Minister is committed to doing - simply has not happened .
Now , I myself support EMU and the stability pact , but we must not forget that social progress and employment are the aims , and monetary policy is simply the means to achieve them .
The Irish presidency also pledges that it will be highlighting conventional arms issues .
It believes that , given the recent extension in its co-decision power , Parliament should now jointly decide the rules , as well as the implementing measures .
Report ( <unk> / 2002 ) by Mr Coelho , on behalf of the Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs , on the <unk> <unk> for a Council decision establishing a framework programme on the basis of Title VI of the Treaty on European Union - Police and judicial cooperation in criminal matters &#91; COM ( 2001 ) <unk> - <unk> / 2001 - 2001 / <unk> ( CNS ) &#93; Since 1995 , this has reached almost EUR <unk> under the European initiative for democratisation and human rights .
We must try to find the best solution here .
That makes it very important to re-establish democratic local authorities .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Schulz &apos;s report on child sex tourism and on combating sexual abuse and the sexual exploitation of children is a very detailed report .
For what is now needed I offer my skills and energy .
I am afraid it is Mrs Villiers &apos;s own group - indeed her own delegation within that group - which contributed to that <unk> and regrettable delay .
This is a very difficult subject technically speaking , and its political sensitivity is an <unk> factor .
By not respecting this guideline , the Commission proposal clearly breaches the principle of subsidiarity and I therefore voted against it .
I will first inform you that the presidency is most satisfied to see the European Union decide that the fight against terrorism is a priority , and to reaffirm its <unk> determination to take concerted action under any and all circumstances .
In this first speech I have been asked to give you some brief information about <unk> <unk> , the operation currently being carried out by the European Union in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , in the region of <unk> and more specifically in the city of <unk> .
That is why I think it is important that this interparliamentary delegation exists .
We will continue to consider this issue in the Women ’ s Committee and will not stand <unk> by .
I spent some time waiting there and I was frozen .
In <unk> against these things , we must do so with persistence , for persistence , above all , is what human rights policy is all about .
In the event that <unk> changes course then Slovakia will belong to the most advanced candidate members .
For all these reasons , we believe that , if the intention is to promote short sea shipping in a realistic and effective way , it is essential to reorganise the current provision of port services , by improving their efficiency and reducing their costs .
I propose that that project be a public discussion of the Bolkestein Directive in front of the television <unk> .
In Italy , when we select the Finance Minister , we give him a medical examination .
Mrs De Sarnez &apos; report takes up three points that are of great importance to us on the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , and also in my group .
Bulgaria has democratic politicians who want to fight corruption and poverty , but they lack support from us in the European Union .
In a draft report on the EU &apos;s information and communication strategy ( <unk> <unk> ) , the European Parliament has proposed that the Institutions <unk> reach agreements with independent television producers able to devise drama series , competitions , films , news reports and in general all kinds of high-quality and accessible programmes which appeal to popular taste and serve to promote the idea and values of Europe &apos; ( Paragraph 11 ) .
In point of fact the Austrian Government has been making strong representations to have transit through the Brenner , currently subject to quota under the <unk> system , indirectly limited , even after the deadline provided for in Protocol 9 of the agreement on accession , that is to say after 2004 .
I say to the House that the UK Government has <unk> a <unk> .
Secondly , we are then told that we are undermining the war on terror .
We do not want to give it up , and the car is essential for our economy .
Secondly , the port .
Mr President , Commissioner , I too would like to thank the rapporteur for his work .
I would simply like to say one thing , Mr President , on the internal market , as I have had responsibility for the internal market dossier for some eight years now .
It is going to enable women to continue in their jobs without <unk> their family obligations .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 9.00 a. m . What is crucial is the amount of risk involved .
It is nonetheless clear that the cost will be borne jointly by manufacturers and consumers .
My feeling is that everyone has chosen to forget this report and its conclusions .
The Commission has just begun a procedure for selecting an expert who will have to produce a report and we will have it in the summer of 2003 at the earliest .
The past and further extension of the EU makes this a particularly <unk> time for the informal summit to also address the European social model .
Of course we have to have enough time to debate other matters , but I was rather surprised by Mrs Green &apos;s remarks .
In any event , I believe we have to continue working with the Quartet and with the Arab League in order to stage this Conference without excluding anybody .
Now is the time for the package to be wrapped up !
I welcome the new requirement for biometric data to be included on visas and residence permits .
We must be attentive to ensuring that this reform makes it possible to achieve the set objective and that it requires the various financial operators within the directorates-general to assume real responsibility .
As I see it , there is more to this than launching a PR campaign costing EUR 150 million ; it means highlighting the democratic , social and employment dimensions of enlargement .
We were granted 18 months to remedy the situation and now only seven months remain .
I was delighted to find another four amendments in the Rocard report in which particular attention was drawn to this sector of industry .
If the USA can manage to lift the financial burden from <unk> of the victims of 11 September , wherever in the world and irrespective of their nationality , then it can also be expected of the Member States of the EU within their own territory .
With the single market we wish to improve Europe &apos; s capacity for responding to global competition and thereby create conditions to improve the welfare of our citizens .
This is the normal wording to be found in a directive , and the other form of wording you would find in a regulation .
The European Union is stuck on free trade , despite free trade zones having negative economic and social consequences in those areas .
The same applies to you as to Mrs Kauppi .
He has produced a very good report in response to the Commissioner &apos;s legislative proposals .
This has been found to have serious shortcomings in recent years .
I think we are now faced with the difficult task of finding a simple and effective solution to the problem .
Madam President , the McKenna report <unk> the first of a very important series of reports by the Commission on the effectiveness of the common fisheries policy in the area of monitoring .
We Greens support this conclusion in Mrs Read &apos;s report .
I will quote the words of Mr <unk> , President of the German <unk> , one of the main architects of the euro : &quot; the challenge today is to create conditions which promote sustainable growth and confidence among investors ; we must therefore control public budgets , lower taxes and duties to reach a level which can be maintained in the long term , reform social protection systems , and get rid of the <unk> of the labour markets so that a new phase of growth will be achieved once again , but only when we make an effort at achieving flexibility in the labour markets &apos; .
But it would be naive simply to opt for a birth rate policy , particularly at European level .
( Parliament adopted the resolution ) I would also draw Parliament &apos;s attention to the risks that this would pose in the long run .
This is a key point for the <unk> between competitiveness and the EU social model .
When the bell <unk> - and I did hear it in my office - I looked to the screen to see what was happening .
Lastly , the recommendations also incorporated an updated version of the proposals in President Delors &apos; White Paper on the promotion of a European project for the development of a common network of infrastructures and services .
eEurope 2005 will be implemented in part through <unk> and , though it is not part of our debate today , I would like also to thank Parliament for the support given to the Commission proposal , in particular as far as the budget is concerned .
I personally would have set greater store by <unk> the Financial Regulation itself in such a way that one could work , under the ‘ Youth in Action ’ programme , with a large number of smaller organisations and smaller grants .
This type of sectoral analysis <unk> rather to the practice and competence of the <unk> General for Fisheries , under Commissioner Fischler .
You do not have to <unk> coins down so often and <unk> new ones .
My fourth point has to do with preparing the enlargement countries .
I would like Members to know that I will of course make use of those <unk> powers to ensure that the notification is published as often as possible .
This freedom , on both sides , must , however , be based on safety which only a thorough system of professional certification , harmonized throughout Europe , could guarantee .
Yes , I did .
This interim agreement is necessary because the association agreement that we approved by an overwhelming majority at the last part-session still has to be ratified in the national parliaments .
I am , to the greatest possible extent .
It is true , though , that at times we have had annual supplements , which have helped to finance some other projects .
Peace must be achieved for the sake of those killed , especially on the Palestinian side and , in order to recover the spirit of Oslo , we must go back to <unk> .
In everything we say , however , and in everything we hope for , there is always the budgetary aspect .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would now like to focus , albeit briefly , on the issues that will be addressed by the European Council .
She also underlines the problems of enforcement of its regulations in these very remote waters , with few resources for monitoring or policing .
Most news reports only give us a scant account of the drama taking place in this part of the world .
The European Union and the European Parliament , in particular , will do everything possible to help re-establish the democratic process .
We believe that the <unk> forces should be formed by countries which have not been involved in the United States coalition forces , and mainly formed by Muslim countries , in order to facilitate communication with and understanding of the Afghan people .
There are many practical problems which we have to look at in the external budget .
The Danish Finance Minister otherwise argues enthusiastically in favour of it , and is also conducting a <unk> &apos; policy as if we were going to participate .
Today , we have to express our trust in the common position .
In the negotiations about the financial perspectives covering the period between 2007-2013 , Parliament has managed to add another EUR 4 billion to the EU budget .
While conscious of the need to respect trade <unk> , naturally - we sometimes address areas that could be sensitive - we would like to request further information .
No one is going to bother you any more ! &apos;
In the <unk> report which we have just approved and which I have voted in favour of , Parliament indicates that we have to make further progress and that , to this end , we have to give the European Union the necessary means to complete the shared project of peace and well-being initiated 50 years ago .
Many people lost their lives , but the will and <unk> of the people saw us through those <unk> and terrible days .
He will have to do so at 9 p. m . Reference has been made to the cost .
Mr President , Commissioner , for ten years , a whole world of citizens , politicians and journalists have taken an active interest in , and been <unk> by , the fate of Aung San Suu Kyi .
The Commission would like to get to the point at which the capacity and readiness for innovation are understood as a leading political , social and economic principle of the European Union .
We consider that this would be very difficult to apply ; indeed , it would infringe the fundamental principle of free movement for capital .
Although in principle I have nothing against aid to fishermen , I do think it should be granted within a specific framework and in accordance with unequivocal criteria , and this is the basis of my question : to clarify what these criteria are .
Mr Caudron was very willing to listen to our views and it was a pleasure for us to work with him in drawing up the Sixth Framework Programme .
First , let me go back a bit : the Commission is making the study on <unk> <unk> available to you .
<unk> is often portrayed as an essential step which should not be open to too much discussion .
In general , the principle of rotation deserves support , as it ensures independence and encourages an objective assessment .
In my view , it would be a great mistake to believe that a <unk> or a short attack on strategic targets would achieve anything .
No other body puts representatives of so many countries on an equal footing at all levels , bringing them together to discuss development , democracy and human rights .
The debate about either extending the Lomé Convention with its quotas and protectionism , or , instead , gradually <unk> down the special relationship between the European Union and the ACP countries in the name of free trade , is a <unk> debate between two ways of <unk> the <unk> and <unk> of those countries .
<unk> / 2001 to the Commission , on the report on the future objectives of education and training systems .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I too would like to start with very warm thanks to the rapporteur , Mr <unk> , for the work he has done .
People who invest want to be able to rely on the judicial system .
There are huge differences in yield , quality and requirements .
Nothing is happening , and things are at a complete standstill .
The directive on environmental impact assessment is a fundamental tool for protecting the environment .
Should we state in advance that legislation is not needed in this area , <unk> as it does upon another area in which the EU already has legislation , namely that of health and safety ?
I am grateful that you have kept the reserve low , since the integration of new staff , the recruitment processes and of course – in particular – the tasks to be <unk> in the wake of enlargement will pose a challenge to all the European institutions .
In this <unk> contest , this race against time , it is the credibility of the UN and Europe that is at stake .
According to Professor <unk> <unk> , we need a gradual shift away from taxes on labour , and investment towards taxes on pollution and the inefficient use of materials and land .
The Commission is a member of <unk> , and the Member States of the European Union wish to fulfill all the recommendations set out by this body .
We must now consider these issues .
On the contrary , they have resulted in <unk> which have exacerbated the economic and social disintegration of the regions .
Last year , red fruit imports from Asia caused a disaster .
We demand the prohibition of research into embryonic stem cells and surplus embryos and we demand concerted support for research into adult stem cells , the therapeutic applications of which are particularly promising .
Basically , it contravenes all international conventions for the protection of human rights .
With the aid of this Agreement , the Community ’ s fishing vessels can resume their fishing activities in Mozambique ’ s waters .
As illustrated by the great Greek <unk> , <unk> , in the tragedy <unk> <unk> &apos; , a society which fails to punish crime will open the door to growing criminality .
This matter must be seen as part of a broader and more complex issue that involves the relationship between migrant workers and social security systems in general .
On the basis of that Green Paper , the Commission initiated a discussion process in 2002 .
The third is that it undermines the commitments repeatedly made to use regulation as <unk> as possible because , in being directly applied to the Member States , such regulation undermines the national parliaments &apos; power of transposition , which is , in fact , perfectly legitimate .
Would you agree Mr President-in-Office of the Council , based on your experience in the Parliament , that we do need separation of the powers and will you be <unk> the Danish presidency to put this forward at the Convention ?
I would certainly have preferred to see clear words of criticism here .
We must continue in this manner and affirm that our ultimate aim is to ensure that , unlike the situation which occurred in France in the 1960s , on 1 January 2002 when the euro notes and coins are put into circulation , this will be for everyone the final stage in a process for which they will have been well prepared and which will have been properly explained .
It has to take into account the need for unanimity for any adoption of binding Community legislation in the tax field .
Parliament discussed the future of this plant a year ago , and it appeared that negotiations would end happily , since the company abandoned the plans it had announced a few weeks earlier to close the plant , or at any rate postponed these plans .
Society has a long-term responsibility to extend , support and protect the rights of children .
This does not mean , however , that there are no longer <unk> from the Prestige <unk> in the sea , in particular around <unk> , along the Atlantic <unk> , which move with the <unk> and the winds and can result in pollution along any European coast at any given time .
<unk> such as Charles <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , amongst others , must be added to the list of <unk> who must answer to national and international justice .
The issues that are addressed under the emergency procedure , and today provides yet another example of this , deal with extremely important matters .
Current policy , however , places limits on the degree to which this resource can be exploited .
Subject : <unk> in the Balkans As developments in the Balkans crisis have revealed , recognition of the borders of many countries in the region is a matter of direct or indirect <unk> .
It must make its contribution to creating employment in the European Union .
<unk> has been spread to the effect that the peoples of France and the Netherlands made a mistake and that the values of the capitalist EU come first , in other words the values of the free market and the interests of capital .
I very strongly support that section of the report which calls for more concrete proposals for action from the Commission and Council .
Therefore , the reform must , first and foremost , facilitate the production of alternative products and create new businesses , and not only arrange an <unk> from the market .
Let us take a look at the issue of China .
We need to find a way out of this impasse .
Mr President , the Council did indeed decide to cut the appropriations in this way .
Should the working party not be allowed to fulfil its remit , will the Commission , on the basis of the facts as they stand , then open infringement proceedings against Germany with a view to requiring the Federal German Government or the operating firm to demonstrate that all remaining discriminatory aspects of the system have been eliminated ?
We are not asking , under any circumstances , that Catalan should be a working language - the European Union &apos;s linguistic system is quite complex enough - we are simply asking for recognition of its validity as an official language and that it may participate in the wealth of this cultural mosaic .
Let me reply briefly to the honourable Member by pointing out that the establishment of <unk> , the European Network and Information Security Agency , will provide a tool that will enable us to react very quickly to any <unk> or new developments which may occur .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 2003 ) by Mr von Wogau , on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , on the Council &apos;s Fourth annual report according to <unk> <unk> 8 of the European Union Code of <unk> on Arms <unk> ( 2003 / 2010 ( INI ) ) .
It means that we in the political assemblies establish the objectives , whereupon experts oversee the implementation under the supervision , and with the participation , of the Commission .
As others have said , there are wider issues that are worthy of further inquiry .
However , where more specific sales promotions are concerned , I think that the private companies and producer organisations involved should also participate in the financing .
Madam President , the various disasters in Austria , which have just been mentioned , also affected the Czech Republic and Poland , particularly at the beginning , and these two countries are still suffering as a result .
The European Union must also take an active part in the UN Human Rights Commission and in the run-up to the forthcoming world conference in this area .
I am very grateful to see that this was accepted this morning .
Here the situation is naturally different , since EU entry will take much much longer in this case .
These aspects , which one might call <unk> , must be taken on board in any agreement , including this agreement with the United States , a country that imports 40 % of our wine exports .
Question No 28 by ( <unk> / 00 ) If this were to happen , the UN would become , in institutional terms , the puppet of the United States , of a bloc of questionable interests which would manipulate the Security Council for its own benefit and to the disadvantage of the people .
The efforts of fishermen are indispensable in this regard .
Consequently the Commission is only able to accept two amendments today : Amendments Nos 1 and 15 , since these do not have legal or budgetary consequences for the common position text .
I hope this indication will soon be turned into application .
At the same time , this type of regional cooperation must not be regarded as reconstruction of the former Yugoslavia .
Report ( <unk> / 2002 ) by <unk> Brok , on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , on enlargement : progress report ( COM ( 2002 ) 700 - <unk> / 2002 - 2002 / <unk> ( INI ) ) That being so , no one can disagree with what you said earlier about our needing to try to make our industry competitive so that we can also maintain high standards of technology and keep employment at as high a level as possible .
I am able broadly to concur with what has just been said by one of the rapporteurs concerning both the quality of this debate and the conclusions that must be drawn from it .
So that seems to contradict the linguistic explanations given by the Office and the fear remains that the mistake is not just a technical one , as they apparently want to make out .
It has to be said that the United States <unk> President Bush &apos;s promise not to prevent other parties from going ahead on the Kyoto Protocol .
If not , what do we do with the <unk> of the animals destroyed ?
We shall carry on with our debate .
The presentation of a legislative proposal on this issue is provided for in the work programme for 1997 .
In fact , they <unk> methods of <unk> that cause suffering by <unk> them as methods not using cruelty .
The so-called n + 2 rule , created to make administration more efficient , does not work , because the Commission accepts repeated advance payments as means of payment , even though the project itself should not even have been started .
I refer to the telephone <unk> , where people are <unk> – again and again , evening after evening – told that they have won a prize and invited to <unk> another number , which , if they do , they will run up an horrendous and huge telephone bill .
For that reason alone , this regulation is deserving of support .
When more funds are needed , budgets should not be cast in stone but be flexible so that they can be amended in the best interests of the deserving needs of youth .
However , as politicians we must ask the question why 27 % of the Austrian population voted for a party such as the <unk> at the elections in October 1999 .
If we want to establish this area of security , freedom and justice , if we want to make Europe more secure , if we want to guarantee more efficient prosecution across frontiers , if we want to combat organised crime more effectively , then this <unk> in the area of security , freedom and justice is what we need .
Should the Commission not do something about this promptly ?
Mr President , the British poet John <unk> observed : ‘ No man is an island , entire of itself , but a piece of the continent , a part of the main .
It is true that in France today everybody is talking about this directive , to use our colleague ’ s expression .
The life is being squeezed out of our constituents in Scotland .
The facts are clear and the criticisms ongoing .
This report was drawn up because the European Parliament , representing the taxpayers of Europe , has the right and the duty to carry out exhaustive checks on the management of Union finances .
Our objective is not to make so-called savings and no such <unk> should be made ; our objective is to make people &apos;s lives easier here while guaranteeing budgetary neutrality .
We must therefore try here to limit the amount of general and - forgive me for saying so - superficial advice about areas where the Union has no influence .
Mr President , I admit that I was greatly relieved when I saw the agreement that had been reached and when I saw how it had been reached because , at one point in time , I was seriously worried as I <unk> that we would be able to reach an agreement at all .
This is an important point made by Mr Pompidou and we should remember it .
( FR ) - As might have been feared , Parliament has just approved the proposal for a directive brought in by the Commission on the granting of refugee status , the <unk> of which I condemned in the course of the preceding debate .
I have been a member of the Committee on Budgets for ten years and I have never believed that interinstitutional confrontation is the right way to resolve budgetary priorities .
The present directive will put the European Community at the forefront of efforts to control the death and disease caused by tobacco consumption .
Another cause of immigration is imperialist intervention , which <unk> national and local wars , causing huge waves of refugees .
That much has become clear since the autumn summit when Mr Kok ’ s report was discussed here .
But that barely exists at present and the Fourçans report acknowledges the fact that we should not dream in the immediate future of setting up budgetary and taxation federalism in Europe .
The Commissioner will be aware that this Parliament supported the change to the financial regulation which should at least partly ease his path .
Scotland &apos;s fishing communities will be demanding that a new Common Fisheries Policy actually does what it is supposed to do , namely that it actually addresses the real management issues in a way which will be effective in terms of conservation and sustainability .
I cannot agree with that opinion .
The political value of the success achieved must not , therefore , be dispersed or watered down by the work of the Intergovernmental Conference .
Mr President , I would like to say how pleased I am to give this last explanation of vote of 1999 on the Savary report , which I voted for .
This time , the <unk> at which it fell was that of the legal basis .
Less centralised <unk> control over social and economic affairs , with more delegation to States and to social organisations would create space and consequently greater clarity in job <unk> .
.
It is clear to everyone that this is essential to guaranteeing security in the area and to cooperating in the development which is needed to <unk> the serious social differences which exist .
I then asked the Commission to withdraw the proposal .
In this context it is important to distinguish between administrative sanctions and penalties under the criminal law .
That is why Liberals and Democrats will vote today to reject the deal <unk> by Mr Blair .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to talk about an area in which there is a large deficit , and to state that I recognise the advantages of further liberalisation .
It is essential to increase the efficiency of progress with the <unk> system , biotechnology , space and communication technologies .
( Parliament adopted the joint text ) The final measure of what will have been achieved will be the <unk> America in Mexico in 2004 .
I say that because all Member States , large and small , want a place at the Commission table .
In my opinion , we cannot , however , require governments to compensate frontier workers financially for changes in legislation .
The sustainability in question must be defensible from an environmental point of view and be conceived in both economic and social terms .
And what are we doing about letting Ukraine join the European Conference ?
A prerequisite for <unk> debts is sound financial <unk> within the governments concerned .
In common with Commissioner Liikanen , I too do not believe there are quick and simple solutions .
Does it not think that by delaying a decision , it is assisting the strategy deployed by the competing undertaking and its ally , the Spanish Government , namely to hold up the work of the group which already exists in this market and inflict severe economic damage on it ?
Question No 48 by Mrs <unk> <unk> <unk> ( <unk> / 97 ) The level of fraud and irregularities uncovered by this Court of Auditors report on the olive oil sector is far too high .
Europe &apos;s welfare systems are being <unk> to their absolute limits by unemployment .
With your support we shall continue to better prepare ourselves and to improve our response for the benefit of the Member States and those we seek to help .
Clearly this must change , so we must change European agricultural policy .
One of the objects of the debate in the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee was to decide whether we should recommend to the Commission that the weaknesses that have been discovered in the existing directive should be dealt with by individual legislative measures and by action on the part of the industry , acting on its own initiative , or whether we should propose to the Commission the drafting of a whole new directive .
When Major then <unk> the European Union for the crisis this is the ultimate example of the attitude adopted by an awful lot of governments whenever they use and misuse the European Union as a <unk> <unk> , an umbrella or a <unk> .
In order to reduce the gulf between the European Union ’ s Lisbon targets and reality , the Commission ’ s programme of work for 2007 needs to be ambitious .
ECU 500 m is a significant amount of money and we are entitled to <unk> under the Maastricht Treaty .
Mrs Kauppi has referred to the concerns regarding the legal basis in her attached explanatory memorandum .
Since all of us in the Committee on Budgets voted for this report , I think I am justified in saying that my fellow committee members share the responsibility for both the good points and any errors in the proposal we are presenting to Parliament .
But they must also understand the need to make an effort to integrate and to live by the rules of the society they join .
Over six million <unk> are made annually in Europe due to this work .
Our standards and our respect for democracy make it imperative that we do so .
Some say that this is exclusively Saddam Hussein &apos;s responsibility .
Again , we have <unk> on the <unk> of the same problem in the 2001 budget .
What is most important , not least in terms of <unk> among the Albanian population and viable <unk> , is the creation of local police units , which will come under the local authorities and reflect ethnic proportions .
The role of social policy as a productive factor is a key element in this equation .
Having reached the end of my report , which I began a few months ago , I can and will say that this is not fair and , indeed , it is in many ways very unfair .
We are voting in favour of this report because it strengthens the safety rules by demanding an increase in the number of ships inspected , the training of crews and the unlimited liability , in the event of disaster , of the oil companies and of the whole <unk> of convenience &apos; chain .
Secondly , farmers should not be required to spend more time filling in forms than <unk> cows or <unk> the earth .
<unk> monitoring should also be put in place for animal feed .
I believe that we must consider a new form of sanctions , but it will be difficult to remove the military element from them , and we will certainly even have to step up the military pressure , as we will certainly have to consider increasing the size of the <unk> zone over <unk> .
We can therefore say that the discussions taking place during this part-session are crucial .
Can she say what sort of <unk> is involved in arranging for Ireland - currently a <unk> territory for Objective 1 status - to be divided into more than one region so that areas in the west of Ireland , from <unk> down along the coast to South <unk> or West <unk> , might be still considered for Objective 1 area status in the <unk> programme ?
We think it does , and that is why we will vote with conviction for the Colom i Naval report , with some important amendments which need to be passed tomorrow , because this can be the message which accompanies the other report and which will enable you - I <unk> hope so - to go to the Luxembourg European Council with a revised blueprint and perhaps - if I may say so - with a little more ambition as regards a noble and important objective : making the enlargement the genuine success we all hope it will be .
These include the need to eliminate barriers and systems of protection that still exist in key areas of our economy and the need to increase our level of knowledge .
<unk> / 97 by Mr Souchet , on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries , on the proposal for a Council Regulation ( EC ) amending Regulation ( EEC ) No <unk> / 92 establishing a Community system for fisheries and aquaculture ( COM ( 96 ) <unk> - <unk> / 96-96 / <unk> ( CNS ) ) .
It can also accept Amendments Nos 1 , 2 , 3 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 12 , 13 , 14 , 16 , 19 , 21 , 23 and 24 .
If this were to be permitted , heaven knows what would be the future of such a market for buying and selling .
It is of course inconceivable that English should ever be <unk> from the world of business and science , but German , being the first or second language of some <unk> million people , is one of the most important languages in the world , and with 90 million people having it as their mother tongue , it is also the most widely spoken language in the European Union , in contrast , for example , to French , which is now spoken by only 23 % of Europeans , and of those , only 11 % have it as their mother tongue .
Not only the Commission , not only the European Parliament but also the people and the states in our European Union will have to find new answers to the question of how and why we want to live and work together .
Where regulations under Community law are concerned , in this case <unk> 119 / 93 , Member States are also charged with the execution and application of these Guidelines .
I have the greatest respect for you .
( In successive votes Parliament adopted both decisions and the resolution ) The introduction of the euro will make travel and tourism in <unk> &apos; easier and cheaper .
Surely it is more than a mere linguistic <unk> to say that the efforts at <unk> abuses of this sort must not just be <unk> with , but also significantly stepped up .
That concludes the vote .
The initial reaction of the people has been shock and <unk> , but in time China will be stronger for its openness .
Parliament has to put forward a proposal , the Commission will deliver its opinion and the Council must reach a unanimous decision .
Are you aware that the Cotonou Agreement also expresses a commitment to undertaking impact studies which might affect <unk> countries as well as to have consultation ?
The EURES partners and their advisers will thus be able to contribute to the setting up of an early warning system .
Women and men should also be able to choose freely between paid employment and a career break to take care of family members .
Mr <unk> ’ s visit to Brussels , which was very brief , was an opportunity to stress the European Union ’ s support for the independence , sovereignty and democracy of Lebanon at an important juncture in that country ’ s history .
After all , we are talking about <unk> .
I am saying this so explicitly because I am a convinced European and because I want this Europe to have a future and to win the trust of the general public out there .
However , the low income countries of our world also need their own Lisbon agenda , and they need healthy people too .
Lastly , the entire system is <unk> by a series of bottlenecks stemming from the absence of harmonised time frames and timetables amongst the various modes of transport , as a result of which the needs of the freight transport chain do not correspond to the operational demands of the resources employed in the process .
It was stated in a weekend newspaper that three potential bases are being sought for it , the best of which will be chosen .
That core has , of course , already been built .
Our policy implies that solutions to international problems such as issues relating to <unk> property must be sought on the basis of international law or in consultation between countries and that individual countries may not impose their policy on other countries , in other words the rejection of the concept of <unk> .
Police immunity is not within the competence of the European Union , since the maintenance of law and order and the safeguarding of internal security are explicitly excluded from the ambit of the Treaty on European Union .
We find it particularly disappointing and it is also particularly <unk> to us , to the European Union , that the Council of Europe no longer acts as that kind of hallmark .
Mr President , Parliament , and in particular its Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , has been the driving force for approving specific policies and programmes for the outermost regions .
My Group is not in agreement with that .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner Solbes Mira recently said , quite rightly , that economic growth is Europe &apos;s great weakness .
Nevertheless , I believe that the attention must be paid to the special case of remote , outlying regions that are difficult to access , and therefore highly dependent on air transport .
These are not just legal problems , President-in-Office , but a profound political crisis which we must address .
Europe is one of the world &apos;s most prosperous , democratic and stable continents .
.
This is an institution in the service of humanitarianism , which will bring war criminals before the court , impose sentences for genocide and punish international perpetrators of violence .
Does the Council consider these restrictions imposed by Turkey to be in accordance with EU principles and does the Council consider it acceptable for a country <unk> to EU membership to take such action against vessels flying the flags of EU Member States ?
The relations between the Committee on Fisheries and the comitology committees just mentioned have two main aspects : firstly , the reception by the Committee on Fisheries of information on the activities of the committees and , secondly , the possibility for members of the Committee on Fisheries to participate in meetings of the relevant committees as observers .
Commissioner , Mr Evans , I really wish to congratulate you in person on your work and , more specifically , on your work in this report .
<unk> machinery must be deployed to monitor the activities of European undertakings in particular .
The first is that in Europe we need to encourage the use of the Internet and not discourage it .
That <unk> situation surprised many because it was taking place in a calm and relatively prosperous country , with institutions that <unk> reasonably well and with a society living in a satisfactory degree of harmony .
As you will remember , he was subsequently assassinated by the Mafia .
<unk> is not a <unk> to secure the future of pensions .
Is it also aware that this project has been condemned by the German and United States Governments but supported by the British Government ?
Mr President , Madam Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , in the global economy society we live in , there is an ever increasing number of multinational companies and mergers .
<unk> never stops moving forward hand in hand with the new <unk> that are made , and we can observe both the positive aspects of this and sometimes , <unk> , the negative aspects .
And in this regard we will support the Commission .
Will the Council make a statement now on the progress made during the Greek Presidency on preserving and promoting this European Rural <unk> ?
The European citizens must be informed in depth about the contribution of the euro to their everyday lives and about the functioning of the European Union as regards financial prosperity , social solidarity and the organised and decisive implementation of the Lisbon Strategy policies .
The current situation is worrying : despite more than a year having already passed since EU enlargement , many permanent posts set aside for the new Member States still remain vacant .
The Turkey of today certainly could not join the European Union , but we are not debating that , and the resolution that we are going to adopt includes a raft of conditions .
Of course , the Council has already agreed and , from one point of view , the debate being held here is entirely cosmetic .
By way of conclusion , Madam President , I would like to thank you for putting up with this little aside and say that , as far as <unk> breast implants are concerned , if there is one category for which it is imperative that we introduce preventive measures to combat the risks <unk> by breast implants - the sometimes negative effects of which in the field of health are , in spite of everything , still not well-known - it is precisely the category of young girls who , at 15 or 16 years old maybe , compare themselves with the women they see on various television programmes and attempt to improve their appearance by having , even at that tender age , a breast <unk> operation .
These two systems cannot exist because the opt-out regime will override any <unk> systems .
Under such conditions , their children ’ s education is <unk> right from the start .
The President of the Council intends to bring to a successful conclusion , if possible during the first six months , the negotiations regarding the Statute for Members of the European Parliament , including those concerning its entry into force .
They are <unk> China and showing a willingness to ignore democratic ideals .
As Mrs Dybkjær has just said , what they have done is to tell the other EU governments to carry on as usual ; they will then go back to the Irish people and get them to vote again until they get it right .
<unk> division around two <unk> political ideas , the <unk> of the market and the <unk> of the State , does no service to Europe .
Turkey needs to undertake further reforms - and we should support it in its efforts to do so - but the time has not yet come to set a date for negotiations .
60 countries are needed : we ask , through Parliament , for 31 December 2000 to be the date this court comes into existence and ends the impunity now protecting so many <unk> and dictators - not just in retirement , like Pinochet , but active , like <unk> Milosevic and others - through the arrival of international criminal justice handed down by a permanent criminal court .
I shall however report to you on the opinion of the Committee on Regional Policy .
Important matters have been brought to a conclusion , even if not always in the way we hoped .
Thirdly , the enlargement has implications for the PHARE programme which will need to undergo a <unk> of its objectives .
The fact that a directive is coming into being was suddenly more important than its exact content .
We know that almost half the current EU budget is used for this purpose .
In future negotiations , on the contrary much stricter parallel control by national parliaments and by the European Parliament must be instituted .
Very few resources are allocated to the Fund , considering the scale of its activities - improving reception conditions , integrating persons benefiting from international protection , encouraging voluntary return by facilitating reintegration in the country of origin .
I can inform you that 25 Scandinavian MEPs and interpreters took between 10 and 20 hours to arrive here in Strasbourg .
That means first applying development aid at the level of the people , since while major projects are good in terms of bringing areas together , it is the smaller projects which actually bring development .
In other words , Parliament , as the legally elected representative of the people , has the right and the obligation to participate in the monitoring of legislative development .
I did not refer to you directly in my speech , Mr Cashman , but to my group ’ s disagreement with a part of your report ’ s explanatory statement .
These systematic <unk> give rise to the suspicion that the sight of <unk> animals is to be <unk> from Athens &apos; image when Greece holds the Council Presidency .
The involvement of trades union and employers is the best guarantee of success for any initiative promoting employment .
A condition of accepting new Member States must be that their labour market systems for negotiating and agreement are sound within the context of the European internal markets .
In reply to Mr Dupuis I would say that I share many of his views , but none of our urgent resolutions did any good .
Madam President , the Commissioner herself has said that the application by the Czech Republic concerns ‘ genuine <unk> <unk> ’ .
Only in this way may we ensure that there is free competition immediately at the start of next year .
This can no longer be termed the <unk> way &apos; - these actions blatantly <unk> the mark .
Mr President , I too would like to congratulate Mr <unk> on his objective and uncompromising report on the use of the structural funds in Belgium .
Nevertheless there are differing traditions throughout this democratic association of Member States and I respect all of them .
Mr Watson , perhaps I can outline to you briefly the procedure involved here , because a separate procedure applies in this instance .
We obviously need to persuade those countries that have not signed , and in particular the United States , Russia , China , Pakistan , India - some of the main producers of landmines - to sign up .
We need Europe , even an <unk> Europe , more than ever .
Also relevant in this connection is a framework Directive on <unk> which is worthy of the name and which , in providing preventative protection to the consumer , is easy to read , workable and can be <unk> .
It is one of the European Parliament &apos;s major powers and this was evident during the most serious dispute between Parliament and the Commission , which occurred on the occasion of a vote on discharge .
There are still severe violations of human rights and the Commission is also very concerned about the humanitarian situation .
I should like , nevertheless , to emphasise a point that concerns the outermost regions and in relation to which I tabled a proposal for an amendment , because I think it is extremely important : I am talking about the need for programmes for the outermost regions to contain more criteria for added value .
Question No 16 by ( <unk> / 01 ) : They must sign the additional protocol and they should do so without expecting anything in exchange other than to continue constructive and positive relations with their friends in the European Union .
The Community must supplement them with political and practical programmes that can actually be implemented .
However , given the wish of the participants for more and regular information , a wish that was underlined by Mrs Jackson , but which certainly reflects the feeling of many among you , the presidency intends to organise informal meetings with the MEPs during the conference at regular intervals , thus allowing an exchange of ideas to take place about the progress and the state of affairs .
However we have not overlooked the fact that free movement , as such , includes a range of other concerns that go beyond the situation of the working population .
According to World Labour Organisation sources , some <unk> million children aged between 5 and 14 work instead of attending school .
Nor let there be any misunderstanding of what I have said .
It should be seen as a practical instrument which facilitates the work of all those who deal with investigations in connection with payment card fraud , and one which respects privacy and human rights .
As regards the comments by Mrs Fraga <unk> and Mrs Miguélez Ramos that the amendments improved the thrust of the proposal : a number of them do , as I said , and in fact we were in a position to accept over half of them .
( The vote was taken ) I would ask the <unk> to go to <unk> 3 on the second floor to count the votes .
Recently there has been an election in Albania .
So why are we <unk> on with a strategy that is already being undermined by the <unk> ?
We might dwell for a moment on what Europe &apos;s position might have been regarding an American president experiencing difficulties if we had a genuine common foreign policy based on a powerful single currency .
Thirdly , promoting the integration of legal immigrants , one of the keys to the success of any immigration policy , by means of measures which include family reunification , the education of children , non-discrimination , access to housing , facilities for the learning of the language of the reception country , or social or health measures .
I am also pleased that the Ottawa process is not only being closely monitored but that it is also regarded as a good forum .
Poverty leads to ill-health and ill-health means poverty for nations , families and individuals .
<unk> countries may spend less on <unk> their debts , but they also have to cope with a drop in foreign aid .
I could also refer to the adoption of a wide range of other proposals , not to mention international agreements concerning the maritime and air sectors for example .
I have also tabled an amendment on the matter , because it was forgotten the first time round .
This wish to &quot; define a European urban strategy &apos; is echoed by the wish to create a &quot; broader spatial planning policy &apos; of which it is &quot; an indispensable part &apos; .
That is the problem , Mrs Izquierdo Rojo .
Mr President , Commissioner , the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party is very satisfied with the outcome of this conciliation .
I voted for the motion .
To date , no conference of trade ministers has been held within the Barcelona Process , in spite of the fact that trade and the economy form one of the three pillars of Barcelona cooperation .
Today , we cannot avoid thinking about the tragic events in <unk> Asia .
Accordingly , the Commission has already instigated , or rather , adopted , a number of measures to improve the implementation of the budget and reduce , in fact avoid , errors .
The <unk> of the mission was that the following activities are under consideration .
What we are now <unk> to achieve is the direct result of the events of 1989 in which Hungary , once again , played a decisive role .
In addition , it provides for a number of accompanying , <unk> measures .
It represents a qualitative change in EU foreign policy .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the magnificent heritage that Venice represents is struggling with depopulation and mass tourism and is regularly under threat from flooding .
We wish to stress that we need dialogue on these both , and the European Parliament has a very important role to play here .
This difference of opinions is one of the rights to freedoms recognised by the Charter itself .
We need more than this now , and with the help of the Irish people , we can re-open this debate .
It is remarkable because progress has for once been made across the <unk> of institutional competences .
After the &quot; <unk> war &apos; , caused by the illegal <unk> by Canada of the Community vessel <unk> in international waters , a number of provisions were agreed upon bilaterally between the European Union and Canada , not without some difficulty , and subsequently at multilateral level in NAFO .
<unk> not in reason , which is totally lacking , but certainly in military and economic power .
Furthermore , aviation firmly had the edge on railways in terms of taxes , because <unk> is still not taxed , while all forms of travel on the ground are .
We need to be very clear about that here .
By way of illustration , according to the statistics , there were 23 000 road traffic accidents in Greece alone in 2000 , 3 <unk> of which involved <unk> .
I am sorry if we here in Parliament sound like we are <unk> , but this is really important for us across group borders .
The basis for the annual discharge procedure is the Court of Auditors &apos; annual report .
The failure to achieve targets for renewable energy - a failure for which the United States , to their shame , are largely responsible - can be overcome with goodwill and effort from the European Union .
<unk> a European judicial area means eliminating the inequalities between the Member States &apos; legal systems and changing Europe &apos; s <unk> image in this field .
.
<unk> with 191 Member States of the United Nations , I personally consider the figure of 47 perfectly appropriate .
Our concern for , and solidarity with , the Iranian people also extends to their access to democracy and human rights .
On the excluded sectors , it is important that we all remember that the provisions of the Treaty continue to apply to those services outside the scope of the directive .
You speak of the EU ’ s public policies , but one should really focus principally on the public policies of the partner states and of developing countries .
As confirmed at the Fourth World Conference on Women , held in Beijing , in 1995 , the promotion and protection of women &apos; s rights are an integral part of universal human rights .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 97 ) by Mrs Breyer , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council Directive amending European Parliament and Council Directive 95 / 2 / EC on food additives other than colours and sweeteners ( COM ( 96 ) <unk> - <unk> / 96-96 / <unk> ( COD ) ) .
Firstly , the Commission is invited to present a legislative proposal by 30 September 1998 , in order to create an interinstitutional working party .
It moved me to table a question to the President of Parliament , asking him when Rule 154 had last been used .
14 consultation procedures have been initiated , while 29 action plans and other initiatives have become a reality , and so on .
There are other differences that exist in the policy for inspections of disease , <unk> periods , restriction on movement of contaminated fish and materials and others .
Rather , they are the victims of pollution .
I have been a witness to the dedication , thoroughness and desire to gather all the information , seek solutions for the future and find consensus in the debate within Spain on the Prestige .
The European shipbuilding industry finds itself in a serious crisis , one that has not just come about today .
However , as far as a direct Community subsidy for Belgian products is concerned , I have to make it clear that there is no basis in Community law for doing so .
We are faced today with a proposal to review objectively the question whether the UN Conventions of <unk> , <unk> , and 1998 relating to drugs are working effectively .
I know that the Portuguese presidency is very familiar with this issue .
All three institutions are concerned about the need to reach a political agreement this month if we want to fulfill the objective of approving all of Agenda 2000 during the German Presidency .
The European Union has a special task to fulfil in this respect .
What is important here is not just material assistance but also the reception of refugees by the Member States .
Citizens of quite a few of the new Member States require visas to travel to the United States , in spite of the fact that American citizens do not need visas to travel to the new Member States .
The fact of the matter is that the Commission has created a situation , by bringing forward the directive in this form , that has given people reason to voice and to have such fears .
It must be said that this history goes back a long way to 1997 .
I am very glad to hear that the Commission is letting it be known in the lobbies that it will accept our amendments on framework formulations .
With continuing labour market integration in the EU , the need for rules has become increasingly urgent .
For the first time , this will allow us to use monetary policy to support economic policy in the euro zone and to pursue the secondary objectives which the European Parliament will consider particularly important in its debate on the annual economic report and the economic guidelines .
There is work for us all to do here .
That is of course an objective which commands a great deal of sympathy , but where civil protection is concerned , such cooperation is organised outside our action programme .
Since the single currency has been in place for a number of years , the European Union should arm itself with instruments that enable it to collect , at less than yearly intervals , statistics covering all transactions in each of the major sectors .
I am also certain that we shall not forget that , in the last analysis , the EU budget is funded by the citizens of Europe .
– Mr President , this document refers to VAT , value added tax , on <unk> <unk> .
The recent call by President <unk> for an international independent commission – which we support – is a positive step which will have to be followed up by concrete action .
Today – and this is my reason – we are not ready to vote .
In my report I concentrate in particular on 31 requests to the Commission and the Council .
On top of that , the Court of Auditors has severely criticized the Member States and the Commission , pointing out that neither the Commission nor the Council have ensured strict monitoring of statements of costs in relation to these <unk> systems .
This is absolutely intolerable .
Then there is the definition of habitat .
As the international tuna fishing organisations are very proactive and decide on new measures every year , we have suggested a fast-track procedure which will allow new measures or changes to existing control and technical measures to be implemented for the Community quickly and efficiently .
Madam President , honourable Members of Parliament , I am pleased to have the opportunity to present to you , on behalf of the European Commission , the proposal on passenger car related taxes .
These show the right way ahead into the future .
Four generations of <unk> have failed to produce anything ; this is not the way to approach the common fisheries policy .
I have the impression that that is clearly the case because , in practice , countries which are even involved in one and the same armed conflict are being treated differently .
We would therefore <unk> the burden on America by being more aware of these things in Europe .
That is why this directive is important , for we must first of all be able to make certain demands of drivers of road vehicles for the <unk> of goods or passengers , making of course stringent demands in terms of , for example , safety .
If we were a personnel recruitment commission , we would have to vote for the candidates .
( The sitting was suspended at <unk> p. m. and resumed at 9 p. m . ) There is a great difference between what we are currently giving to these poorest of poor countries and what we gave to the countries that are about to join us , so these instruments need to be adapted .
.
I also believe that the rapporteur &apos;s approach underlines the legitimacy of the proposals made by the Austrian Minister of Justice , Mr <unk> , at the informal Council of Ministers of Justice and Home Affairs last week , whereby the Justice and Home Affairs Council should also consider judicial matters discussed in other Councils so that it can tackle this kind of legal problem .
By far the greater number of cases involve aspects I have already mentioned , relating to set-aside , livestock numbers , and so on .
As the rapporteur rightly pointed out , the directive may only intervene where there is Community jurisdiction .
It is my personal view - but it is not the intention that you have <unk> - that it would be wiser in accordance with Article 109 ( 4 ) of the Treaty that you ask the Council , by 1 January 1998 , to set for the single currency another date of entry into effect than 1 January 1999 .
Clearly , a discussion on intermodality requires , at the same time , a sharp cultural change in the culture of enterprise .
On the positive side we have some abstract economic gains which perhaps amount to a <unk> or a <unk> of a per cent of the gross domestic product .
In autumn 1997 I had cause to criticize a Parliamentary resolution which gave <unk> praise to the peace initiative of the <unk> Government without taking a position on the fact that at the same time the Government in <unk> was also bombing civilian targets .
At the OECD , decisions are taken on the basis of unanimity and they do not have to be explained .
.
Also , although the Council representatives are not here , we have asked the Council to request that the Member States submit a list of three candidate Commissioners who represent both sexes , in order to achieve a balanced composition of the new Commission from the gender point of view .
I would mention by way of example the time frames of the reform proposal and its entry into force , the fact that we have no knowledge of the effects of the first directive and the attractive , though <unk> , observations on the future of the reform , starting with employment and its quality , maintaining an adequate universal service and the <unk> in material terms of <unk> reform without recourse to a compensation fund .
The banks have always been able to raise interest rates and bank charges overnight .
So I suggest that we do not jump the gun and concentrate first on completing the Intergovernmental Conference .
Maintaining a formally closer link than that of the other European parliamentary bodies seemed important to the majority of the Committee on the Rules of Procedure , although it was possible to take advantage Mr Ford &apos;s resolution aimed at changing the nature of our relations .
I agree with Mrs Spaak &apos;s appraisal of the report and I have to say that I also share her disappointment .
What do we do then ?
The next item is the debate on the report ( <unk> / 2002 ) by Mr Schmid , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , on the Commission &apos;s Communication to the Council , the European Parliament , the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions on the assessment of the first five years of the guidelines on employment ( 2002 / <unk> ( INI ) ) .
These amendments attach the full importance to genuinely scientific data , avoiding what would otherwise appear to be arbitrary standards .
Finally , I wish this programme every success and hope that the monitoring and evaluation issues that the Committee on Budgets has put forward are taken up .
I commend this report , the work of the rapporteur and the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy &apos;s additions to his work .
We are actively moving things forward .
It is essential that expert opinion and protection of consumer interests have some influence on the awarding process .
I took part in this morning &apos; s action and I did not appreciate criticism from Members who interpreted it as an <unk> manoeuvre .
The debate is the result of an initiative for a resolution taken by the group of the European People &apos;s Party .
Needless to say , I can only consider the incineration of separate waste and , more specifically , the <unk> <unk> component of industrial and household waste , as a renewable energy source .
That is why we should not forget that these aims are already enshrined in Article 119 , which constituted the legal base for action on equality issues in the labour market .
People are being forced out of business because of the Americans and therefore I say it is important that we accept the ruling of the WTO .
Report ( <unk> / 2001 ) by Mr <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control , concerning discharge in respect of the implementation of the general budget of the European Union for the 1999 financial year The report is based on the notion of the unity of the human species , a Christian teaching which forms a firm barrier against any lapses of a racist nature .
What , after all , is Nice all about ?
Thanks to the launch of the euro and the process of restructuring and economic convergence leading up it , the Union has <unk> the <unk> in the money markets well .
Many items of European legislation are <unk> and simply add to business costs .
In my country , Ireland , where we have just introduced full decoupling from 1 January 2005 , Irish farmers feel that they face a very uncertain future as regards their income .
Mr President , I would like to start by congratulating Mr Hernández <unk> for the excellent work that he has done on this report and for the spirit of cooperation with which he has sought an <unk> consensus behind his recommendations .
That applies , then , to communication not only in the traditional sense of roads , <unk> links and the availability of <unk> transport systems for goods and people , but also in the sense of telecommunications , IT , e-commerce , education , increased knowledge and support for new technology .
This requires accelerated commitment of political will and of resources by the international community and the affected countries .
I would ask you to ensure that you all sign the register .
The text that has been agreed on steers clear of this approach , because it not only expressly states that each Member State can , within its own airspace , designate a service <unk> of its choice – under the auspices of national supervisory authorities and without <unk> to other bodies – as a means of protecting total freedom for the ways and means of achieving this .
Australia is not a party to Kyoto and is clearly not planning to become one .
We also need to bear in mind that the GSP system was designed for the least-developed countries .
The age-old imbalance between Mediterranean crop production and crop production in the rest of Europe needed a different approach , whereas we are faced with the reform of Mediterranean crop production after the failure of Cancun and with a view to enlargement .
However , we shall give you the benefit of the doubt , and ultimately we shall be judging you on the following points .
If the Charter is ready in time , the Intergovernmental Conference will have to define the procedures for its incorporation into the Treaty .
At that point we were in the conciliation process , we had made a lot of progress , and <unk> what it did was facilitate the conciliation and I would like to thank the European Parliament &apos;s delegation to the Conciliation Committee as well as the Council for the work they have done and which has allowed us , I believe , to achieve a good conciliation .
Fourthly : emergency improvement of the structures for providing water and sanitation .
Consequently the Member States must adopt the necessary measures to ensure that these offences are <unk> by effective , proportionate and <unk> penalties , including <unk> sentences with a maximum term of imprisonment of no less than five years in serious cases .
Five years on , we need to take stock , evaluate any progress or <unk> which have been made in the twelve areas of action , take any corrective action needed and lay down policies which will allow us to achieve the objectives established in Beijing .
I also feel that the reference to the countries of Central and Eastern Europe is essential as I think that every proposal ought to take account of the prospect of enlargement .
The next best thing would be for all EU Member States to do it at the same time .
.
At that meeting , there will be a general policy discussion and I will endeavour to gather the views of my colleagues on the various issues .
For products to be considered as sufficiently processed in a country on account of regional accumulation , it is none the less necessary to determine in which country of the region the product originates .
That is the problem we are facing .
My exchanges with Mr <unk> focused almost entirely on this issue , and I urged him to promote a <unk> dialogue between Parliament , the Council and the Commission in an attempt to resolve this situation .
They had understood that the actions of individual Member States would be even more effective if supported by joint action from their fellow Member States .
In fact we have to distinguish between two separate issues : rates disputes between employers and employees in France may be justified , but these regional strike negotiations cannot be allowed to lead to lorry drivers throughout Europe being taken hostage by an internal French conflict .
I can say to Mrs van Bladel that the Secretary-General is looking for a better place for the <unk> in the new building .
Firstly , the Bureau has given the matter consideration , and we have called in a firm to see how the <unk> can be improved .
Consequently , we have <unk> an amendment calling on the Commission to propose social and economic compensation measures aimed at providing Community funding for plans to rebuild depleted fish stocks .
No , it is not ; the world will not wait for the EU , and so all our Member States must , for the United Nations ’ sake and for multilateralism ’ s sake , give the reform their backing , even though not all of them will be able to have a seat in September .
This is often forgotten , as the region is chiefly dominated by Saudi Arabia in a positive sense , it is said , and by Iraq in a negative sense .
At a time when the European Union is expanding to include ten new countries and when these countries are making stringent efforts to encourage economic growth , we have a duty at least to give these countries access to resources , which the existing fifteen have had access to in the past .
The Commission would like to recall that the public procurement directive applicable to public works was transposed into Greek law in the <unk> and constitutes the appropriate framework for the award of public works contracts in Greece .
The original text says , and this is the original text as voted in committee : &quot; Whereas free , fair and <unk> world trade must be further developed and consolidated &quot; etc .
<unk> have been the <unk> to benefit from freedom of movement in Europe .
True , she recently changed her mind and stated that had not been the case , but that essentially the opposition was to blame .
It is a fact that intellectual and social barriers are becoming ever more rigid .
These are vague , woolly , <unk> notions .
Their growth market lies with young people , women and people with little education , those on low incomes and with few prospects in life .
This report demonstrates this in the form of important points .
I would also like to point out again that , on top of everything else , it is envisaged in the programme that domestic waste should be accepted as renewable energy .
I am keen that the Structural Funds , particularly those in Objective 1 , are allocated where needed .
Experience shows , however , that interpretation of the rights in question is <unk> throughout the Union .
That should be sufficient to reward their investment in design and to maintain a strong incentive to <unk> .
However , I do wonder why the relevant committee did not amend the proposal to make it acceptable to Parliament .
This is a task for the Council too , I believe .
Lastly , we regret the rejection of our proposals to fund compensation for fishermen ’ s loss of earnings due to a recovery plan and to place owners and workers on an equal footing when it comes to public aid for permanent cessation .
I favour the argument for wage development which takes account of or is based on productivity , but I am against pressing for regional differentiation throughout Europe based on the pattern in Germany .
As regards the comments made by the Court of Auditors on the implementation of the PHARE and TACIS programmes , the Council is aware that the Commission is having to work in difficult conditions , but is calling for improved coordination between those participating to ensure that the studies carried out are followed up with specific actions and for preventive assessment to be carried out automatically before any decision is taken on programme renewal .
This does not just affect the European institutions , but also the Member States , since they participate in the development of Europe via the Council and they are equally responsible for applying European legislation .
Then , of course , the Moroccan side would have had to maintain records of how it had deployed the funds .
Secondly , I must tell you that the President-in-Office of the Council has confirmed that the European Union agrees with the decision taken by ASEAN to send the <unk> Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs to <unk> <unk> to meet the King .
I must say we were naturally rather shocked when it appeared at the Olympic Games in Barcelona that no fewer than 33 countries decided not to give women a chance to take part in the Olympic Games .
As has been said and as the joint resolution has emphasised , it is a question now of putting pressure on the countries that recognise Afghanistan <unk> and also sustain it economically - Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , etc .
and effectively organising independent forms of assistance both inside the country , with the European Union supplying and distributing humanitarian aid , and outside on its borders where there are refugee and displaced persons &apos; camps , as in India and Pakistan .
It is clear that what Mr Whitehead calls balance between freedom of speech on the one hand and &quot; freedom &apos; of crime on the other , is not adequate .
The <unk> &apos; , on the other hand , want to use it to erode national powers and even tighten up the procedure by making it into a type of <unk> planning method , along with restrictive calculated indicators .
The regulation is aimed at promoting health and not trade .
Today we shall be discussing <unk> s views on this matter .
– Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we all know that the policies and , more importantly , the resources available for promoting the social agenda and active support for employment are inadequate .
I would also remind you that Article 7 of Directive 95 / 46 provides an exhaustive list of circumstances in which personal data may be processed .
And , thirdly , the provisions on minimum rates of pay and paid annual holidays may be waived if the amount of work to be carried out during the posting is insignificant .
But we must also be able to change strategy quickly and efficiently .
I have underlined the importance of simplification on several occasions , starting with the hearing last autumn , and I did not forget the message I was given two weeks ago in this plenary .
Amendments Nos 28 and 30 build on this , calling for <unk> training for the personnel attending to the pigs , and therefore can be accepted .
We want more than this .
The firm sits over there in Luxembourg and <unk> at us , while the Commission issues another <unk> communication .
What is certain , in this case , is that budgetary rigour is required of the legislator .
China maintains that it respects freedom of religion , but all too many cases of violence against , and harassment of , religious leaders indicate that the opposite is the case .
Until that situation is reached , the idea of an internal market in energy is a political <unk> .
We now have to admit that , thanks to the level of internal integration it has achieved , the European Union has become a community of peace unprecedented in world history .
Mr Souchet has the floor .
How can we get access to the international market when there are countries carrying on like that ?
Since I began this speech , two vehicles have , in all likelihood , been stolen and I hope that neither of these belongs to any of the Members present .
Those Members who are obliged to leave the sitting are asked to leave their card in the appropriate voting <unk> .
It is unclear where that money is to be found .
That has got to change !
It is therefore to the viewers as citizens that it should be addressing itself .
We think Russia should pursue implementation of the partnership agreement in terms of its elements - I do mean all its elements - and provide more concrete results than we have at this stage .
The Commission , and particularly the Commissioner for humanitarian aid , played an important role in the setting-up of the new , permanent International Criminal Court ( ICC ) in June 1998 .
As rapporteur for the 1998 Budget , I would like to give advance warning that , in the course of the next few weeks and months , I intend to keep a very close eye on how and whether the Commission implements its reform proposals and how it shapes relations with Parliament in this very area .
No , Mr President , I am not mistaken .
Our <unk> , therefore , arises only from the fact that the Commission &apos;s proposal <unk> a greater flexibility for the Member States in deciding the extent to which the so-called <unk> system will be applied .
In order to be successful , the European Union &apos;s policy must be reciprocal , in other words it must respond to the interests of both sides .
We heard complaints from <unk> of newspapers that the price of <unk> was going up very rapidly and they suspected some kind of <unk> .
It is to that end that our efforts are now engaged .
In any case , this Code of <unk> will only be useful if the <unk> control its application .
Nor do I intend , as speaker for my group , to go into the internal German debate on such referenda and similar issues .
This House has adopted the legislative approach proposed by the Lamfalussy report , the Fourth Framework Programme on Research and the Financial Regulation .
The accession process will continue while Turkey continues its process of reform and discharges its obligations accordingly .
I therefore believe that the seriousness of the summary trials which have taken place , the seriousness of the arrests suffered by people who have simply exercised their right to free expression , or the right to employ the law in force to create areas of freedom , requires that this House immediately speak out in order to send a message of hope to these people who are currently experiencing great suffering and worry and I believe it would be very positive if on Thursday we can condemn what is taking place in Cuba .
But those three areas have to be linked , and the only way they can be linked is in an <unk> procedure .
There is nothing to indicate that widespread use of GMOs will result in a reduction in the use of pesticides .
As a member of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development I fully support the scheme , both now and in the future .
I do not know where your office is and whether or not you can hear the bell from there .
For a long time , Kazakhstan was mainly a dry and <unk> populated area where , in the middle of a small population speaking a <unk> language , Russian colonisation took place in areas where industry or mining appeared possible or where an experimental space <unk> base could be set up .
The reaction of people in the Netherlands is quite understandably one of extreme <unk> .
It is true that in doing this we would be reducing our production for export , but it is also true that the European Union would be acquiring the reputation of selling healthy products , and that can only be a good thing .
I was speaking about the missile which killed <unk> people .
The compromise solution obtained between the main political groups strikes me as a well-balanced one .
Instead , Mr <unk> comes out with a long explanation to the effect that the operations are in keeping with the UN Charter .
I would also like to emphasize that of course we have <unk> appropriately against it .
For this reason we can accept Amendment No 44 in principle , which requires the Commission to consider a range of economic instruments and report back to Parliament and the Council .
The military imposition of peace by international troops working with government militias against the <unk> will not bring peace at all .
The free movement of workforce is one of the most important fundamental principles of the European Union , and therefore we must reject any restrictions imposed on it , not only from economic , but also from political considerations .
We must provide practical help for all the young people who , with great courage and often at personal risk , want to fight to make Iraq a free , democratic and fair country at last .
They also seek to impose a European identity , ignoring true national identities ; establishing an artificial equation between the family and other human relationships in a way that is no longer surprising and takes opportunistic advantage of one issue in order to impose another ; and it ignores the third largest concern of Europe &apos;s citizens - the fight against organised crime .
There has been a real breakthrough in the protection of human rights , with the establishment of equal treatment for men and women , the fight against social exclusion and a ban on discrimination on the grounds of sexual orientation , for example .
Following the work that we have been carrying out over the last few months , in close consultation with all Member States - and I must emphasise , with all Member States and not just with some - the Commission intends to propose to Parliament and to Council , in September , legislative initiatives on harmonising the definition of terrorism , on adopting the European search and arrest warrant and on replacing extradition procedures with rapid handover mechanisms for certain types of crime , including terrorism , thereby , I am sure , fully complying with the requests made in your draft recommendation .
Let me say first of all that the Group of the Party of European Socialists in this House naturally condemns every violation of human rights unequivocally , including those in China , of which there is no shortage .
We cannot accept Amendment No 18 , aimed at excluding household <unk> waste from the definition of <unk> waste , as this is would be inconsistent with the existing EU legislation on classical <unk> <unk> .
Mr President , I am taking the place of Mrs McNally who has had to go back to the United Kingdom this afternoon .
They are having a considerable impact on the environment and we know very well that in the long run in France , the usual <unk> approach will be adopted , like <unk> a <unk> , and that tiny slice by tiny slice , we will end up with a motorway or a dual <unk> in the <unk> <unk> .
Thirdly , it has become very clear during the hearings that price stability , the necessity of which my group also expressly endorses , is being achieved at the moment .
It has been of immense advantage to my own country , Ireland and I know it will continue to be , in the future , a <unk> for the citizens of Europe .
It only says that Members spoke , but it might be quite helpful if we knew who .
Before long , it will be <unk> , then <unk> and then <unk> which will be subject to such directives .
We are talking about our future .
And now it is my turn to express my sincere thanks to the Bureau and the parliamentary staff , and to wish you all every success in the coming year and , as this year draws to its close , a <unk> Christmas !
<unk> action platform Next week , in exactly one week &apos; s time , this progress report will already have been discussed and decided by the Commission .
On a procedural level , with regard to management procedures in particular , Mrs Hoff &apos;s report has led to a certain number of measures which will enable an improvement in the coordination of the programme .
Finally , with regard to Amendment No 8 , providing that the Council Regulation should be subject to revision after five years , if you look at the time taken in the discussion on the Regulation - which has already been going on for two and a half years - it is time to have some stability , and we would not favour a five-year revision period .
As the OLAF <unk> its work , we should set great store by the qualitative aspects of this work .
Both the individuals involved , whose data is transferred , and the economic actors need the safe harbour .
- the report by Mr El <unk> ( <unk> / 2005 ) , on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism , on developing the agenda for the Community ’ s external aviation policy ( 2005 / <unk> ( INI ) ) ; and The vote will take place at 5 p. m . It is not legitimate to deprive <unk> 000 people of electricity , it is not legitimate to call upon 20 000 people to leave their homes in order to turn their town into a <unk> town .
What has happened to our compliance with that article ?
Our present system is based on <unk> pressure , as I stated earlier .
So , stand to your responsibilities .
So let us begin with the bottom line and the bottom line , ladies and gentlemen , 10 years after Rio , is clearly in the red .
I give the floor to Mr Bangemann to answer Mr Watts &apos;s question .
What has happened to the European Union &apos;s pledges of support to the process of consolidating South Africa &apos;s fragile democracy ?
I congratulate the Commission and OLAF , the anti-fraud office , on the exemplary way they have worked together to bring this about .
All those who operate in the cultural sector , whether they are institutions , associations or private individuals , have developed high hopes in respect of <unk> , and these hopes must not be <unk> .
So I ask them , when they talk about <unk> and <unk> Management 2000 , to not only say this to the Commission but to make sure it is put into practice in the administration of the 15 Member States who are controlling the 80 % .
Mrs Schörling , you spoke of the matter of additionality .
So we have no changes to make to the agenda , assuming we can agree on that .
I feel that it is time to change the European Union &apos; s system of expenditure .
It will have to improve its internal personnel management procedure and open up faster routes for the deployment of funds .
In particular , commitments in the sugar sector should not exceed the limits which are absolutely necessary within the framework of the WTO .
<unk> has been expressed that consumers are being deprived of the opportunity , thanks to parallel imports , of buying branded products at cheaper prices .
Nevertheless , I wish to say on behalf of my group that we would welcome a genuine system of bank self-regulation , a system which is sustainable , comprehensive and credible .
Mr Prodi has today presented his action plan for Eurostat .
This irresponsible attitude shown by Member State governments towards protection of the environment should not be tolerated .
She is right that a majority in the Conference of Presidents voted to have the report on during the night sitting ; she is wrong to suggest that the majority of groups shared her view that it was somehow <unk> for the subject to be discussed in view of certain changes in Member States .
I therefore think that we shall be voting for the report .
It then went from record to record and last June <unk> at <unk> points .
This cooperation , these comparisons , this interpretation and questions of cooperation between the European Central Bank and the Commission during the evaluation and comparison of statistics is important for us .
I hope that the European Parliament will give special priority to renewable energy sources in the context of its own role , in relation , of course , to the budget .
This qualitative leap must be reflected in the definition and implementation of a global and coherent strategy by the European Union , which is what Mrs <unk> &apos; s report has rightly proposed .
I am sorry that I cannot express my gratitude by accepting all the amendments which have been put down .
So , there is nothing new about the Commission &apos;s commitment to secure <unk> balance .
I believe it is crucial that , on the one hand , we try to stimulate the potential of Member States which are less developed , smaller and maybe do not have the potential to compete on an equal basis today .
We know today that Georgia has no such framework ; we know of the pressure exerted by Russia , and we are familiar with the role of Russia in the internal conflicts of which you spoke .
On the existing EU Treaties - including the recently ratified Treaty of Nice - or on an <unk> of new proposals from the EU Convention ?
This is something of which Albania has no need .
An increasing number of people are faced with floods .
Therefore , it is important to develop indicators , as pointed out in the debate , and to follow this up in a sensible way .
Will you do everything in your power to ensure that a statute for assistants is adopted as soon as possible ?
It specified how the clauses of the Wye <unk> agreement , which had as yet still not been applied , were to be implemented .
However , it remains unclear whether strengthening relations with the Union , with us in other words , is as important as those with China , the USA and Japan .
<unk> of legislation at European level will make for transparency and clarity and improve the various national regulations .
These are the strong views of the Commission , including my colleague Mr Verheugen .
The Commission must do everything in its power to resolve this conflict , which is pulling the country apart , but also to help in establishing a genuine Rule of Law .
The more a region is forced to rely on air traffic for its transport needs , the greater the burden becomes in terms of damage to health .
Thank you , Commissioner .
To take one well-known example , 5 000 people were recently made redundant at <unk> over a short period of time .
What is really behind the proposal to regulate the sale of <unk> and <unk> supplements at EU level ?
Therefore , as far as I am concerned , the basis of security is credibility .
Finally , I turn to the Lisbon agenda , the ambitions of which should , of course , be measured against the funding that is being set aside for this purpose .
You can see that you have done it very well .
I do not wish to give our answers to these questions now .
It rightly <unk> for mediation and political consultation .
I am likewise in favour of allowing national central banks to initiate sanctions , whilst giving the ECB alone the final say : greater controls at local level will be matched by more uniform treatment throughout the <unk> .
The most important additions include the clear indication , exactly as found in the <unk> 6 document , that emissions trading itself must not represent more than 50 per cent of the measures to reduce emissions .
We should act in the short term with urgent measures .
I also regret that it has become fashionable to ignore macroeconomic analysis .
In this context , you should focus even more strongly on ensuring respect for human rights and democratic principles .
The report also contains some negative aspects to bear in mind , which we must correct straightaway .
You have once again completely undermined the possibility of greater freedom in price setting in respect of subsidies by immediately backing down when the starch potato industry says , &apos; but then we <unk> get no more raw materials &apos; .
It is quite evident that the Committee of the Regions still has not taken this in hand in earnest : quite the reverse .
As well as being a strong currency , the euro must above all be a stable currency .
However , this image is far from complete .
Well , it points out once again , loud and clear , that we live in an open society based , in the last analysis , on democracy , the rule of law , the defence of human rights and the separation of powers .
I also feel positive about the Portuguese Presidency &apos; s initiative .
We are fast approaching 30 November and the new agreement appears to be at the conclusion stage .
Mr President , I believe that four fundamental criteria should be borne in mind when considering Mr <unk> <unk> ’ s report on the transitional arrangements restricting the free movement of workers on EU labour markets .
These measures are essential .
This is a sort of <unk> <unk> <unk> , which is time-consuming and which <unk> can be shortened .
Madam President , I must say that I was very surprised at the attitude of certain colleagues who mentioned a violation of human rights , over the policy pursued by the French , in particular by the French President .
We know where it is .
There is not one single reason to reject this directive in the form in which we will be putting it to the vote , and nor , today , is there even a single reason to demonstrate against this directive in the shape in which we will be adopting it .
‘ <unk> amendments to the Criminal Code for <unk> torture and <unk> in custody and <unk> their use made in 2003 ; calls on Uzbekistan genuinely to implement these changes and to <unk> any remaining political prisoners . ’ In order to identify specific cases for special action from the priority list , a more in-depth evaluation will be required on consumer uses and <unk> exposure .
So this policy must of necessity be a long term policy and like all long term policies it must gather momentum , taking increasingly firm steps .
Therefore , the European Commission and the Union have to take prompt and efficient action in this area .
Mr President , Commissioner , this is an exceptional day for the nations of Europe , for we are undertaking - during <unk> - a process of enlargement , <unk> , of reunification which could not have been <unk> during the last century .
That means too that the impact of conflicts and disasters is increasingly global in its reach .
The Minutes will be amended accordingly .
This is another disaster in waiting for peace and stability .
The idea of having one <unk> along with a selection of further information to the consumer disregards the original proposal , because the House does not accept the original idea of having several labels to give consumers the information they need .
Article 118 of the Treaty of Rome ( now <unk> .
137 ) , which I suppose the <unk> had in mind as regards the harmonisation of working conditions , gives the Community a number of competences in the social field , including the issue of working conditions .
It is clear that the <unk> policies , and the hope that overall economic growth would somehow overcome the poverty and lift the poorest out of that state , have not worked .
This all constitutes destructive and outrageous interference in matters of national law , and the fact that a veil is being <unk> drawn over this is reason enough for voting against the report .
Through ECHO , the Commission has had extensive experience of operating in Afghanistan over the last ten years and has established close working relationships with non-governmental organisations .
On the issue of discretion and of the admissibility of subjects , I therefore genuinely appeal to you to carefully consider the political will expressed by the committee responsible , after a complicated debate .
Mr President , I agree with what Mrs González <unk> has said .
That is fine .
I agree with you that we must further reinforce urban policy development priorities .
Madam President , I welcome the Commissioner &apos; s statement that he is in listening mode .
That means no one is a net <unk> and they are all in a much better position than in 2003 .
<unk> , if you want Europe to matter to the people in your constituency , choose subjects which interest them .
As rapporteur responsible for the Czech Republic , I have no reason to react with <unk> , let alone <unk> .
Many farmers , not to mention operators of <unk> and meat businesses , are facing ruin .
Finally , the terms of the compromise were for a moderate reduction of payment appropriations .
The weather was <unk> and <unk> but it was , all things considered , an <unk> climate and , I felt , just the type of dynamic climate that we needed at that stage of the discussions , in which I myself noticed many stumbling blocks , far more stumbling blocks than can always be explained away by the delicacy of the issues .
Mr President , I share the view of Mrs Maij-Weggen that the previous speaker , I have often thought , <unk> a rather sad and black world .
This is highly regrettable , since it shows quite clearly that the Council wishes to hedge on this issue .
Transport of dangerous goods by rail However , the Member States will need time to adapt , so we have suggested a later starting date , namely 1 January 2005 .
It seems to me that this is an issue that this Parliament should be involved in .
At this precise moment , we see that there is no inclination either on the part of the Member States or on the part of senior citizens &apos; organisations .
To that end , our country strategies place the fight against corruption , and support for <unk> and poverty reduction , at the very heart of our assistance .
That is something we need to investigate .
We could certainly use this tool to apply pressure on the governments of Bosnia-Herzegovina and Republika Srpska , should it prove necessary to do so .
The present situation involves a vessel with a Greek owner , flying the flag of the <unk> , inspected by a United States classification society and managed by a Swiss company .
I would insist that the third part is not scheduled to be replied to <unk> .
Its most important objective is to improve the efficiency of administration , clarify personal responsibility and speed up the movement of funds .
The Irish Sea must not be used as a soft option for the disposal of radioactive nuclear materials by <unk> .
We all know that the Portuguese Presidency is determined to bring this debate in the Council to a successful conclusion .
<unk> <unk> It is our job , in line with the objectives of the Treaty , to support the agricultural aspect , i. e. to give European farmers the chance to get the products which they produce on to the market .
Only three things have to be regulated in this context : the conditions for guaranteeing the reliable identification of the person <unk> by means of an electronic medium , whether digital or <unk> , the integrity of the transmitted information and the legal status of electronic or digital signatures .
Let us then hope that the Commission and the Council will rise to the challenge when pursuing their legislative agenda .
It follows that these countries ’ accession to the European Union does not have only detrimental effects .
It is extremely important that we do this first .
Frankly , I think that this is a very important indicator that we need to use and take advantage of for the years to come .
By way of general conclusion , we in the Legal Affairs Committee regard the quality of drafting and simplification of legislation as an important remit .
Madam President , Commissioner and Council , this legal area is still extremely <unk> , even if , in all honesty , it also has to be said that a very great deal has nonetheless happened in the last ten years .
It is , of course , clear that because of the dynamics of economic and monetary union , the pension dossier is already on the European agenda , although very <unk> , as part of the debate on the <unk> of pension schemes .
It would increase the risk of serious economic consequences , as the Committee on Legal Affairs also suggests .
The whole Bay of <unk> fishing fleet has this week remained in harbour because of the significant reduction in overall fishing possibilities due to the pollution caused by the <unk> of the Prestige .
.
So I welcome the proposals put forward by Mr Chanterie to try to bring some regulation and flexibility into that sector .
The fisheries agreements are extremely important for certain regions in which , in addition to employment in the fisheries sector itself , there are a range of associated businesses wholly or partially dependent upon the fishing industry .
Is that perhaps why the conclusions on institutional matters were so brief ?
Over recent decades we have seen many scandals : olive oil , contaminated wine , <unk> water , beef , dioxins and <unk> .
There is now agreement on this within the political groups .
None of the motor vehicle insurance directives already in force take into particular consideration the specific problem which is dealt with here of <unk> the victims .
The derogation for the Swedish restrictions on cadmium in <unk> was extended by three years .
Parliament is presently <unk> on seven different telecommunications regulations and is due to give an opinion on these matters before Christmas .
And it began with one content and is ending with another .
The most urgent measures alone will require approximately ECU 220 <unk> of this between now and the year 2000 .
We have not forgotten the whole chapter involving the <unk> .
I think we must also review our policy on people in their <unk> .
It would also send out the wrong signal to our citizens , who want to see closer cooperation and greater efficiency in combating crime and in ensuring their security .
In conclusion , Mr President , the European Union should increasingly promote all such instruments - social , legal and economic - which can provide strong , practical - as opposed to theoretical - support for women , especially working women , and thus provide strong support for families .
It is also to be welcomed that it insists on the immediate removal of all products <unk> labelled <unk> <unk> &apos; when this claim has been <unk> by the appropriate tests .
I would simply like to raise a minor incident over which I disagree with the President of the sitting , Mr Provan , and which is not serious in itself , but which I find unpleasant all the same .
Enlargement can and must represent an opportunity for Europe in terms of stability , peace , unification of the continent , bringing nations closer together , interaction and <unk> opportunities , as well as in terms of increasing Europe &apos;s influence on the world stage .
There would be dramatic consequences if this aid were to brutally disappear .
Mr President , I have listened to the debate so far with close attention , and in doing so I have been sorry to note a very short-sighted view of things by some speakers .
( Applause ) On the other hand , we should not exaggerate either .
The question is whether much progress can be made before the Treaty of Amsterdam enters into force .
I think that we have been successful here in weighing up all the various aspects of sustainability – environmental , economic and social .
During its presidency Italy played an important and conspicuous role in the Council and helped take the package forward .
But this surely marks just the beginning of long series of debates which , we must admit , sometimes take on a <unk> quality .
Coming to this House after you passed the resolution on the memory of the <unk> , first mooted in Stockholm and eventually embraced by the majority in this House ; the kind of help you are giving openly and <unk> , to Jews in need in <unk> areas around the world ; and of course your unequivocal commitment to peace <unk> various interpretations and schools of thought : all these things make me feel happy to be here this morning .
Needless to say , we have all looked into the figures .
For example , our homes are built for our cold climate , and heat does not escape from them like it does in many other countries in the Union .
What we do support is establishing the necessary instruments for combating fraud involving EU funds more effectively .
But what concerns us is that we think it very important , where this proposal is concerned , that a judicial review should take place .
The Common Position simplifies and updates the legal framework – Regulation 1408 / 71 – thereby broadening its material and personal scope .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , thank you for coming here today .
This proposal too will leave it entirely up to the individual Member States to decide to what extent they wish to tax <unk> .
The situation in these countries , the situation of the families , the children , the people , demands that this total ban be signed by every European country and by the whole world .
Lastly , and this is something that we had talked about at length before your address , you spoke of your hopes for peace and stability in Korea .
I should like to give you a very specific example , Last May , for the first time we opened the <unk> Film <unk> with European <unk> Day .
We must not <unk> their freedom simply for the benefit of a new empire .
On the other hand , a delay in implementing the regulations favours American banks , which profit from the current set of regulations and are able to <unk> European banks in Europe .
The Luxembourg Presidency is extremely happy with this development , which it judges to be very positive .
The third obstacle , in my opinion , is the need to retain a cultural dimension , especially in matters relating to language .
We must also be very careful not to <unk> up racist prejudice and we look forward to proposals based on Article 13 to combat racism .
Therefore I am in favour of the electorate having the last say as to who they actually send to the European Parliament - or any parliament , for that matter .
It is important that we involve the local and regional authorities and both sides of industry .
Since the time allocated to questions to the Council has expired , Questions 20 to 26 will be replied to in writing .
I shall not quote it now , because it is already so late , but I shall refer to it tomorrow .
I think that we must congratulate President <unk> , his political group and all the Mexican political forces that have been capable of understanding that there needs to be direct understanding with minorities because democracy requires representatives and direct <unk> and , at the same time , the acceptance of a culture of diversity , something that Europe is defending and which is part of our identity .
With reference to the draft resolution tabled before you , I would like to say that as the report was prepared at my own initiative , it is very important to make use of the means available to us , but we cannot exceed the issue of globalisation and internal market , specified in the title .
It is a decision that must have the backing of our fellow citizens but it is an opportunity which we cannot consider rejecting if we genuinely want positive developments for the future .
Do we go for Article 26 of the <unk> or do we go for Article 272 of the Treaty ? ’ That would make a real difference What about a WTO initiative ?
Not one death more , Mr President-in-Office of the Council .
Quite the opposite , we should be trying to derive the maximum benefit from it .
The Member States have been given considerable room for manoeuvre in transposing the directive .
This again will mean increased cost to the consumer and industry alike .
One of my first commitments after taking office was to attend the summit held in Russia on 22 October .
The importance of sport was also mentioned in the conclusions of the Feira Summit .
The reports all contain many positive points and we can now safely say , enthusiastically and without fear of exaggeration , that it is time to move on to the next stage .
Group finances are also going to be more transparent and more appropriate to the exercise we are making ready for if we wish to continue along the road of financing political parties .
I have tabled an amendment on that point .
So things are getting better , but still there is a problem with regard to consultation with the European Parliament .
We are determined to do everything we can to achieve a successful conclusion of the negotiations , but an agreement at any price is not what we are looking for .
A <unk> solution as proposed in Amendment No 35 is not sustainable with the internal market .
We criticize the common foreign and security policy provisions as totally unsatisfactory .
If new policies are moved to the European level , money for them cannot be refused .
The United Nations Commission on Human Rights has played a pivotal role in the promotion and protection of human rights .
When the time comes for a structured debate leading to concrete results , the method we follow must take account of that .
In the declaration on the future of the Union - which I welcome on behalf of my Group - for the first time there is a mention of the need to renew its working methods : the need for a wider debate in which all the parties involved can take part .
Our group is prepared to participate in structural work in a social Europe .
I am sure we would have accepted them in committee .
We are witnessing an unacceptable situation which this Parliament must condemn on behalf of the citizens of Europe who demonstrated against it .
I have my reservations about this .
The real problem is to define adequate , good , specific <unk> projects and ideas .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the reason why the Commission is today presenting its report on own resources is , I repeat , because it wants to see all the cards on the table for the final stage of the negotiations on Agenda 2000 .
The fact remains that the social legislation is inadequate , and <unk> so .
Mr President , may I begin by <unk> Mr Wiebenga very sincerely on his excellent report .
I think we are <unk> things if we say that , as 80 % of funds are administered by the Member States , it is for them to see to it that everything is in order .
This would provide another advantage : it would allow this future Office to more easily extend its inquiries to all the institutions and to all the other Community bodies .
We must also be able to guarantee that there is no social dumping from outside whereby European seafarers lose their jobs because of wage pressure .
Once we have approved the compromise , we will have a European basis on which we can work , on which the Commission , moreover , can begin to work , but then for everyone rather than for the limited number of Member States that can allow themselves higher standards .
I ask you to support our amendments or at least the compromise adopted in the Committee .
Many argue – quite rightly – that we ought to reconsider how this aid to African countries is given , because it would appear that in some cases at least – and Ethiopia is an example – the granting of financial help may bring about the collateral danger of helping to establish a <unk> regime the policies of which further lead to national poverty .
I then learned from in London that it was given a slot in February .
I should like to hear Commissioner Nielson give us an extensive account on this in a moment .
If we do that correctly , it is actually to everyone &apos; s advantage .
It is because we consider that some of these values are of a universal nature that the <unk> unreservedly support Mr Rocard &apos;s report .
Why are Flemish farmers denied what is given to English farmers ?
Nor do the results of the survey indicate any negative effects on animal <unk> or working conditions on farms .
Every now and again some self-criticism does not hurt , and the same goes for the other institutions .
I also have high expectations of the fifth <unk> framework programme , which we have often discussed here .
What is happening , as should also happen in connection with the growing economic expansion of China , is that Europe is seeking a strategy for itself in relation to the rest of the world .
I should like to make a further point in this context , because it concerns something which often causes confusion among the public : the fact that the committee is known as the Veterinary Committee does not mean that it is solely concerned with animal health issues : the vets have a worldwide responsibility for ensuring meat hygiene and , consequently , public health .
They have a right to a healthy and productive life , in harmony with nature .
However , dumping through unfair tax competition where the aim is to avoid paying tax should be tackled by means of European rules , provided minimum rules are applied .
Mr President , with regard to the revision of the directive on the manufacture , packaging and sale of tobacco products , we have supported the rapporteur &apos; s <unk> amendments , because we are convinced that tobacco costs society a great deal and represents an even more serious danger to those who buy it than they realise themselves .
Besides the obligations laid down in the Treaty , the Council requires openness .
There is therefore no need for the discriminatory situation feared by Mr <unk> to arise .
Despite this , European reality sometimes <unk> more quickly than expected .
Mr President , the recent Taliban <unk> must obviously concern us .
<unk> will result in Community legislation which is more comprehensible to the citizens for whose sake it is created .
Similarly , Amendments Nos 1 , 2 , 43 and 45 seek to go beyond social security coordination and therefore could not be supported by the EPLP .
In addition , no decision has been taken on the basis on which debts are to be waived , and it what way this should be dealt with .
.
It is also <unk> when , for the sake of preventing young people from being <unk> , there is control and censorship of the electronic media , while , at the same time , people are assured , in all seriousness , that the freedom of the press and the media are not being compromised – that is reminiscent of George <unk> .
The committee also calls on the <unk> Front to seize the opportunity for peace that exists and continue along the path of dialogue and contact with the United Nations .
Nevertheless , we need to continue this process of rapprochement across the Mediterranean .
Thirdly , I have decided to improve the information channels between the central services and the operational departments , strengthening links , improving certain practices and following up some of the suggestions made in the internal auditor &apos;s report .
These new procedures are also going to have to be monitored in a structured manner , so as to ensure that any discrepancies in the operation of these new schemes within the different Member States of the European Union are <unk> out .
They will also receive the President of the USA in order to <unk> up the world and broker an understanding with him on the new <unk> Wars .
We , as a Parliament , have given up our right jointly to decide by interinstitutional agreement with the Council on the financial perspectives and simply , instead , give our assent to those perspectives .
My personal view , and I say this without hesitation , is that the <unk> allowance should be abolished too , for no one has to feel all that much of an <unk> in Brussels .
That is also why the Swedish referendum will be followed with such great interest in the candidate countries .
The call for proposals in January 2001 expressly included the subject of freedom of opinion as one of the priorities .
We , too , would like to know how Mr Berlusconi , who is tied up in an electoral campaign in Italy , came to be included on the attendance list ; we would like to know the identity of the <unk> who played this <unk> , which is in <unk> bad taste , or whether there is something going on which has nothing to do with politics .
For the same reason , I support Amendment No 8 which is about giving due weight to the precautionary principle .
This demonstrates that he has understood the great unease felt at past outbreaks .
My group believes that all <unk> combined heat and power stations should be entitled to buy gas freely .
Does the Commission consider a lower regional <unk> threshold for the <unk> ?
There is also the joint measure of 29 June 1998 establishing a mechanism for collective evaluation of the transposition , application and effective implementation by the applicant countries of the acquis communautaire in the field of justice and home affairs .
That is the special contribution and addition that I , in my capacity as rapporteur , wanted to make to the report on establishing a Community action programme for bodies promoting reciprocal understanding of relations between the European Union and certain <unk> regions in the world , a report adopted unanimously by the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy on 4 November 2003 .
To make the European Union &apos;s move towards a single currency more credible , we have taken a rather important decision .
However , this constant <unk> action against narrow <unk> European &apos; thinking evidently tends to diminish the scale and importance ascribed to the task of planning , in the context of the enlargement process , a European development strategy that is sustainable and that will work throughout Europe .
On the other hand , it follows that all initiatives of this type must automatically be subject to both a socio-economic and environmental assessment .
It was no accident that the Commission &apos;s first contribution to the Convention on 22 May 2002 proposed a project for Europe that highlighted , amongst other things , the need for a Union that can <unk> the responsibilities of a world power . &apos;
The advantage is that enlargement of the Union can finally take place , an enlargement that is more than just an enlargement .
Are not Article 98 agreements in line with the spirit and letter of the Rome Treaty ?
Or do you really believe that twelve <unk> scientists , men and women , who are used to being very thorough in their work , will be able to carry on working in the same way if the range of their <unk> is extended ad <unk> ?
It is therefore only logical that the new proposal should be more modest when it comes to protecting public health than the <unk> directive , which also included indirect advertising .
As India ’ s largest trading partner and principal source of foreign investment , the EU is <unk> to help India reap the benefits of liberalisation .
We are <unk> pursuing this matter .
Here it is quite apparent that the European Commission &apos;s logic is a budgetary logic .
I would be grateful if you would kindly respond to Parliament as a matter of urgency .
Of course the SAVE I programme was allocated only ECU 35 million - also a modest sum one must admit .
Secondly , the inclusion of cargo handling in the proposal prejudices the port authorities &apos; sovereignty to pursue their own strategic policy .
We should form a Community , and I do not feel that we can subsequently come back to this sensitive issue if we do not resolve it now .
Report ( <unk> / 2001 ) by Mrs <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs , on the Commission White Paper on European Governance &#91; COM ( 2001 ) <unk> - <unk> / 2001 - 2001 / <unk> ( COS ) &#93; But up until now , we have received no response from the WTO .
I therefore urge the Members to support the Committee on Legal Affairs &apos; compromise , which is a clear , powerful signal <unk> environmental protection but does not penalise European industry .
What we need is to suspend the Stability and Growth Pact and to make a clean break from the current economic guidelines – this was the clear message from the French and Dutch no votes on the so-called ‘ European Constitution ’ – in order to create the macro-economic conditions to <unk> the economy , to stimulate job creation and to work <unk> to combat growing unemployment and high poverty and inequality levels in the EU .
Since the time allotted to Questions to the Commission has elapsed , Questions Nos 43 to 74 will be replied to in writing .
The <unk> reports that , according to Italian , French and Spanish customs authorities , illegal <unk> fishing and landings of small fish are on the increase .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in my capacity of draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Development , I should first like to congratulate Mr Cashman on the fine work he has carried out and on his excellent proposal .
I simply refuse to accept this .
More selective gear was available which should have been promoted instead .
Each time , power is <unk> from the electorate to other people .
It also takes two years of programming in order to reach EUR 60 billion .
The first involves recognising the benefits of mobility and the will to develop virtual mobility to supplement it .
On a final note , I should like to say to Romania that we are strict where the criteria are concerned .
The author of the report had the difficult task of ensuring that the issue of company relocations does not become a further divide between East and West , but a new step towards the unification of Europe .
It is obvious that one State of the Union on its own cannot have any real influence on maritime transport across the world and , on the other hand , the International Maritime Organisation is too slow and lacks effective means to adequately monitor the rules which it lays down .
Unfortunately the ‘ <unk> ’ of five <unk> benefits – namely , child care allowance , disability allowance and care allowance for disabled children , disability living allowance , attendance allowance and <unk> ’ s allowance – remains controversial .
The difficulties lie in <unk> the targets for reducing debt and public deficits , because , in addition to essential budgetary austerity , it is crucial to meet the forecasts for economic growth , which are the most important indicators - in my view - at this time .
In Ireland alone we undertook 12 pilot projects with the assistance of SAVE funds .
With regard to the final agreement , I cannot conclude without saying that I am in complete agreement with the opinion of the Committee on External Economic Relations .
I see that as progress , as an advance on what we have had up to now , for a remarkable contradiction is apparent .
Thirdly , I would like to express a wish for continuing constructive and effective unity among EU Member States , European institutions and the international community in this agenda , which is sure to bring positive results sooner or later .
<unk> does not depend on plans ; on the contrary , plans have to take account of reality .
Today they have put on progressive <unk> .
They must therefore encourage us , in order to preserve social and economic cohesion and ensure the proper funding of social security systems in Europe , to take and safeguard for good the European social model , beyond a simple safety net , Mr Donnelly .
In the light of this , I am obliged to vote against the report drawn up by Mr Rocard .
More than one hundred thousand refugees remain in West Timor , virtual human <unk> for the <unk> and perpetrators of crimes in East Timor .
The only way to get asylum here will be to jump out over Europe with a <unk> .
We cannot continue looking backwards .
I cannot support the resolution concerning the crisis in the rice sector .
On the contrary , it gave the go-ahead to the Heads of States and Government and to the notorious Ecofin Council to continue their reactionary and unpopular policy .
Far from it !
The Herzog report on participation of citizens and social players in the Union &apos;s institutional system <unk> a willingness to introduce proper information , transparency and the right to evaluation , concerted action , participation and consultation , all of which are laudable intentions , but the specific ways in which they will be applied are still not well enough defined to be truly practicable , in our view .
We also knew which changes were needed , and they have not been implemented .
One example is the motorway in Bulgaria between <unk> and Thessaloniki , which cuts right through the vulnerable <unk> <unk> .
In my opinion , the most important are the following : the guarantee of health assistance , specific assistance for groups in especially serious situations , such as indigenous women or children , participation by the host communities and refugees in making sure that projects are successful and , finally , the position on comitology .
Finally , when there is some doubt , the doubt must always work in the favour of the accused , of the Member of Parliament whose immunity we are being asked to waive .
As you know , this is an old order from 1968 .
We have taken action which - based upon the full cooperation of the European Patent Office - will , I believe , bring about a speedy resolution of this unfortunate occurrence .
They will achieve the kind of success that <unk> trade union activists always achieve .
That is why we must support a coherent , efficient and safe , but also environmentally compatible transport system in the Union .
As the 2005 <unk> is , I am delighted to say , to be held in <unk> in Japan , I would point out that the <unk> in <unk> led to a number of scandalous bureaucratic <unk> , when they built the Europe <unk> but refused to put up the <unk> <unk> .
I cannot forget that this statement was made in relation to the so-called <unk> reserve &apos; and the possible failure to conclude an interinstitutional agreement .
This is the proposal that I put to you in the various provisions contained in my report .
Let us take advantage of the opportunities provided by European citizenship !
We must ensure that postal customers , small as well as large , are involved in this whole process .
We have sometimes , in the Union , underestimated the importance of India and underestimated the importance of developing our economic and political relationship with it .
Mr President , climate change is set to be one of our most difficult environmental challenges .
Consequently , there has to be a balance between the powers of the Member States and those of the Union .
Each time his release has been ordered in accordance with French law , he has been linked to separate criminal charges and has remained in provisional detention .
I have raised this issue with the Cuban authorities , but I also believe that I must tell you that the recipient of the European Parliament ’ s Sakharov Prize Mr Payá – has been very critical of the said meeting , which he has described as a great fraud against the opposition .
Clearly , therefore , this could not be accepted .
Thank you , Mr Bangemann , but just one last question , again in the Spanish momentum .
I personally had a meeting scheduled with him and am saddened that this has not taken place .
This , I am sure , is incorrect .
Our Union now needs the tools for making decisions and taking action .
Thank you very much for giving me the opportunity to address your House on the subject of how our Union is to be funded in future , and on the interinstitutional agreement .
There have already been complaints about it .
In addition to bringing these outlying areas closer to the centre , it is a dominant factor in economic and social cohesion .
This is why we need to focus on this in our forthcoming Health and Safety programme .
The invasion of <unk> and the subsequent Gulf War represented an <unk> low .
We will therefore frame our revised proposal accordingly .
I noted with satisfaction the comment made by the President of the Commission on the presence of the European Parliament at the Intergovernmental Conference , but I would like you to say this as well .
A conclusion had to be reached and , thanks to the efforts of the Presidency , we got there in the end .
According to the results of research undertaken by Eurobarometer ( <unk> 1998 ) , European citizens condemn the practice of sex tourism involving children and 88 % of them believe that it is vital for the European Union to take action to combat this phenomenon .
Furthermore , on Saturday 12 July , a <unk> from the European Agency fuelled our optimism by listing a whole package of measures adopted by the Commission to take account of environmental concerns in all Community policies .
The courts were obliged to set at liberty a German of Syrian origin who was suspected of involvement in the terrorist attack in Madrid .
The Committee on International Trade has three main concerns about the packages in general and the <unk> Instrument in particular .
European airline industry The third problem which arose was the problem of contamination by the oil <unk> following the bombing of the oil tanks in south Lebanon and the fact that approximately 10 to 15 thousand tonnes of oil <unk> on to the <unk> and then into the sea , polluting the entire coast of Lebanon .
We cannot , however , possibly limit ourselves to dealing with this tragic matter alongside a number of other very important matters , thus making it possible for a first person to discuss the Charter , the next to discuss the French Presidency and the Biarritz Summit , a third to bring up the Danish &apos;no &apos; vote in the referendum on EMU , and only then have a fourth , on the subject of the Middle East .
The Commission is prepared , however , to use the national supply of quotas for allocation to young farmers , as provided for by Amendment No 21 .
The fact that we are holding a debate on this today follows on from the events of last week but also from the Stockholm conference .
Just think of our domestic and foreign security and of democratic stability .
I have mentioned the example of social services before : nowadays we can reduce everything to attracting the customer , including the pensioner in an old people &apos; s home , and the question is whether we want to subject all that to competition , whether that is the right course .
( The signature then took place of the general budget for 1999 ) The understanding that has just been reached , therefore , is not indifferent , in the framework of the current budgetary rules , to the flexibility that is crucial to the correct implementation of the growth and stability pact .
Mr President , I speak on behalf of the European Parliamentary Labour Party , which shares many of the aspirations contained in this resolution .
I would like to mention a few points that ought to be of concern to us .
Six motions to wind up the debate have been received in accordance with Rule 103 of the Rules of Procedure .
I would therefore ask the Commission to use the aid for Indonesia not only for Timor , but also for the displaced and refugees on the Moluccas and in <unk> <unk> .
In conclusion , I am very pleased to be able to accept the compromise package on the table today .
First the countries on the verge of development must be helped over the threshold , since the broader the shoulders which carry the development aid , the better that aid will be for all .
It would be nice if they were in more user-friendly form , for example , on <unk> , but there is progress .
I would like to focus attention on something which concerns public accessibility to documents which fall within the authority of the Commission or are in the possession of bodies set up by the institutions .
This is a process in which the whole of Europe is engaged with the whole of the Mediterranean .
Do not think , however , that the Group of the Greens is suggesting that we <unk> the future of pensions to the Ministers of Finance .
As I see it , the gap is now becoming well and truly <unk> .
It cannot accept Amendment No 29 because it would prevent production of food for young babies and children intended for use in particular medical situations .
Clearly , tax harmonization should be one of the main objectives for those who wish to proceed on the path towards a federal Europe that is economically prosperous and socially just .
.
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I have listened attentively to the contributions to this debate , and I should like to express my sincere thanks for what was certainly a very lively , if in some areas highly critical , discussion .
Finally , I should like to say that where Mrs Thyssen talks about consultation , if I heard correctly , I myself thought Mr Van Miert was thinking more about providing information , though of course information can also lead to an exchange of views .
It must be avoided so that there is certainty , clarity and guarantees for the markets .
The main parts were approved all but unanimously by the Committee on the Rules of Procedure .
These indicators must be equal .
Let us find new money to aid these countries .
But it must be said that , as yet , not one single British <unk> <unk> has been allowed to work in the French <unk> .
<unk> bombs and <unk> identical to those used by the IRA have since been used regularly by <unk> .
I do not consider this procedure to be correct and so I judged it appropriate not to take part in the vote .
Mr President , Madam Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the High Level Panel has done an excellent piece of work .
That is why the Camisón Asensio report quite rightly says that short , mandatory deadlines need to be introduced for dealing with petitions more quickly .
Will common rules and agreements in this area require harmonization of national legislation , e. <unk> as regards persons whose telecommunications may be <unk> , the offences of which they must be suspected before such action may be taken and the length of sentences involved .
Mr President , there is a need to identify and develop solutions to special problems in the sector , such as the seasonal character of tourism , investment security and the requirements to cater for special categories of tourist and to promote tourism of various types .
However , it is not a binding rule .
With regard to coordination , I was pleased with Commissioner Almunia ’ s kind words : it is true that we have to coordinate more , we must make a precise diagnosis , draw up a correct cure , an analysis of what has happened and define the role of the <unk> .
If there were 87 % participation in the elections to the European Parliament and 49 % participation in national elections , the federalists would take over from those of us who are working for a Europe of the nations and for a Europe of democracies and <unk> .
Once again , Europe has shown its great sense of responsibility in taking an interest in crime victims .
Quite the opposite : if we were to suspend it overnight , the Palestinians who work there would be the first to suffer again .
Some of us , however , have said that they do not expect very much in the way of green policies from the new Commission , and our whole group will , in future , also see to it that the Commission gives sufficient weight to the principles of the creation of a social Europe and sustainable development , so that they have a serious part to play in all decision-making .
He stresses that France is concerned that people such as <unk> and <unk> are still at large , despite the fact that both of them stand accused of genocide , among other things , and that the UN &apos;s war crimes tribunal in The Hague has issued orders for their arrest .
The joint resolution to wind up this debate refers to the issues on the table : the Intergovernmental Conference , employment , the CFSP , the third pillar , the internal energy market .
These must be <unk> out between a traditional foreign service , for which the foreign minister has responsibility , and other Directorates-General and Commissioners with their own remits .
.
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission attaches a great deal of importance to Parliament ’ s resolution on the Member States ’ implementation of Directive 96 / 71 / EC on the posting of workers in the framework of the provision of services .
He sent the Minister for Tourism to the United Kingdom , Germany and Italy to explain the situation .
The demand by the United States that the five permanent members of the Security Council be given automatic membership of the Human Rights Council was a relatively early proposal that was no longer supported in the latter phase .
On the contrary , it should be a reason for continuing to work with a zero limit for medicinal product residues in meat .
I feel that the Commission will make use of that precedent , and Mr Frattini can rest assured that Parliament , for its part , will also make use of it .
We should , however , remember that <unk> organisations play a very important role in civil protection in our Member States .
Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen .
Secondly , I should like to mention the organisations which are being set up and developed by the social partners .
Please allow me , ladies and gentlemen , to use my time to explain the actual supplementary proposal , to <unk> a little from the spirit of the previous discussion .
It is essential that the Council also takes its part of the responsibility and that at this stage it looks at it in conjunction with the other issues which I indicated .
.
It should be taken for granted - excuse me , Mr President of the Commission - that ministers appear before a parliamentary body .
So reconstruction in Bosnia-Herzegovina is tied to all manner of political considerations and conditions .
Mr President , this is one of the most useful measures of all those we have voted on in Parliament .
The Council has on several occasions emphasised to the Tunisian authorities its concern about the occurrence of certain situations , particularly the lack of general freedom and press freedom in particular .
If we want to , we can demand a lot more from neighbours who also belong to the Council of Europe : for example , in return for granting trade preferences , we can make demands in the area of human rights .
Mr President , Madam President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , you have made a very positive appraisal of the Bonn Conference which , from your point of view , I can understand .
<unk> &amp; <unk> , for example , was virtually synonymous with the rise of <unk> as a powerful industrial city and has enjoyed the respect of Northern Ireland people for its determination to develop its business throughout the period of changing economic circumstances .
The rural area thus , as I see it , has its special place of value in the Member States , in the regions .
Lastly , it is worth noting that the debate in the Committee on <unk> ’ s Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs came to the conclusion that bilateral readmission agreements between Member States and countries of origin and transit should , if possible , be replaced with truly Community-wide agreements , perhaps recognised by all the Member States without exception – in other words , without any opting-out .
Mr President , as always happens when we tackle such complex matters , both Parliament and public opinion end up split down the middle because they are motivated by obviously <unk> and often conflicting interests .
What is happening today to Mr Gollnisch – just because he <unk> to make statements with which others did not agree during a debate in which he was speaking as a Member of this House – could happen to them one day .
I also hope that together we can find a way of stepping up the budget effort for renewable energies or for clean forms of transport in regional or national programmes .
The next item is the joint debate on the following two reports , presented on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development : Poverty obviously affects people ’ s whole life situation and has bearing upon education , health , housing and social exclusion , but I particularly wish to emphasise the significance of women ’ s ability to provide for themselves .
Over a six-month period , <unk> funded under the <unk> Internet Action Plan processed more than 35 000 reports , of which almost 19 000 were reports on child pornography .
The vote will take place on Wednesday at 11.30 a. m <unk>
This is also a sector in which there is money to be made , as the Americans show us .
The elements are : direct access to European Union markets ; a fair price ; income stability - the fact that fair trade organizations pay part of the price in advance is crucial for small-scale producers who can then buy <unk> and perhaps get through the season without resort to <unk> ; finally , <unk> and capacity building , where producers gain confidence to approach a trading system they once saw as too complicated .
It is unacceptable to provide some with legal protection and deny it to others .
They control Afghanistan , drive out <unk> , exploit the country , human rights are <unk> under foot , women are denied the opportunity to go to school , as my fellow Members have pointed out , and they are not allowed to appear in public .
We are given two reasons for the need for further liberalisation .
Mr President , I would like to start by warmly congratulating the person who has taken the lead in this yearly debate , Mr Ali , on his dedication .
However , we realise that simply creating this position certainly does not achieve <unk> on foreign , security and defence policy issues .
The circumstances which produced this catastrophe are not clear and nor have those responsible been identified .
I am not surprised , under present circumstances , that enlargement has hardly <unk> the <unk> of our citizens or that it is increasingly accompanied by worry and suspicion , whereas today &apos; s debate and all <unk> reports demonstrate the common commitment of large sections of the European Parliament to enlargement to the east and to enlargement <unk> in a responsible , forward-looking manner .
The development of all sorts of so-called rights in the name of the principle of <unk> &apos; ( Article 13 of the draft Treaty of Amsterdam ) , which can justify any form of behaviour , for instance , in relation to sexual practices .
However , that must be our objective .
I shall now turn to the observations on budgetary management in Chapter 2 of the report .
- The EPLP voted for the resolution on the <unk> Maria de Feira European Council on 19 and 20 June 2000 but does not support paragraph 19 .
One of Commissioner Bjerregaard &apos;s main priorities is clearly to make sure that existing legislation , and the new water policy which follows it , are properly implemented .
I shall soon be able to give you the results of the technical check .
The connection between animal health and the treatment of animals and human health is well <unk> .
As things have gone liberalization of public services is meeting with more and more resistance .
<unk> put an end to the tragic <unk> of <unk> and <unk> , but there is still much for us to do in order to make it effective .
I would be very grateful if the Commissioner could perhaps give us further information on the checks she referred to that the Commission undertook in July , and whether there have been any subsequent checks by the Commission or by Euratom authorities subsequent to the French Government <unk> a cessation of the cleaning process at <unk> de <unk> Hague .
After bananas , <unk> meat is the second source of major dispute between the USA and the EU .
Thank you very much , Mrs Bjerregaard .
<unk> a solution to the refugee problem , the territory will be placed under the authority of the United Nations . &apos;
Some of them , however , run in a very different direction and hence we cannot accept them .
Have you thought about <unk> a general reduction in working times in order to create more jobs ?
As previous rapporteurs have said , the Council has evidently not heard of such terms as ‘ added value ’ , ‘ economy of scale ’ or ‘ financial synergy ’ .
Mr President , I have taken the floor again , very briefly , to thank all the Members who have spoken in this debate , who have made an important contribution , at times critical but , as far as we are concerned , a valuable contribution in terms of proposals and guidelines for the tasks before us , both as regards the issues that will be addressed by next week ’ s European Council as it seeks to find solutions to the issues that we have discussed , and also as regards the Intergovernmental Conference .
For these and other reasons , we are going to vote in favour of the Aldo report .
Recently , attempts have been made in Germany to dispute the Commission &apos;s right to approve state subsidies in Germany .
After all , as long as the return on our defence expenditure is only 15 % of that of the Americans , far more progress can be made by a <unk> Community policy .
Mr President , Commissioner , the Commission has produced a fine communication and rapporteur has done an excellent job !
Since you have used that minute for points of order , obviously you cannot use it for a supplementary question , because at 7.00 p. m. we shall be suspending the sitting .
Among the positive points , we wish to highlight social inclusion and gender equality .
Parliament must reopen the debate on this issue , and I should like to lend my <unk> support to Mr Farage ’ s proposal .
We have already looked into what Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf said about early marketing premiums .
That is why we in the Group of the Party of European Socialists ( PSE Group ) can say that we are very , very satisfied with the result .
Not good enough but far better than what he stated a year ago .
I think , however , we will be able to agree on these points .
The Commission is not obliged to publish this report but we felt , politically speaking , that it was conducive to greater transparency and openness .
<unk> once every two years would not do that .
I would like to thank you , Mrs Fraisse , the members of the Committee on Culture , for this report which will be very useful in current deliberations on the future of the Culture 2000 programme .
The first lesson is that the European Union – and , in particular , the European Commission – must appreciate that it should not interfere in matters relating to faith , <unk> and ethics .
On the contrary , despite our different experiences of life and our different political <unk> , we all agreed that Parliament has a certain responsibility in this area .
<unk> Basque Parliament expresses its firm belief that political dialogue is necessary to resolve conflicts .
Finally , I also want to thank this Chamber for being so good as to listen to these words at this late hour .
Already made <unk> by virtue of their exile , families must be able to benefit from education for their children and training programmes for young people in order to regain some stability , to promote their social and economic integration , and to encourage their possible return to their own country .
This could open up whole new areas of business to our small and medium-sized enterprises .
I am pleased to inform you that today our interparliamentary relations with Libya take a positive step forward .
If we do not manage it , if we do not get a statute this week or in the very near future , I wish all Members of the House good luck as they confront a public opinion which will justifiably wonder whether there is anyone at all in the European Parliament who has the slightest sense of responsibility .
If that is the case , it will mean that the outgoing Commission has not only developed good relations with Parliament but has also laid the groundwork for democracy to grow even stronger in Europe .
The Presidency hopes that , at the end of the month , it will be able to announce to you the positive , concrete results of the Amsterdam meeting .
First we will work with the Council to review the implementation of the common strategy for Russia .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the regions are the very foundation of the European Union , and it is not without reason that we increasingly speak in terms of a Europe of the Regions .
We all know that this process is far from complete , and various Members , along with Commissioner Rehn , have already drawn attention to the really critical aspects that can all be summed up under the <unk> heading of ‘ enforcement of the rule of law ’ .
The time to start work on these problems is now and we need a more committed political will from all our governments , our industries and our finance ministers than we have at the present time .
It follows , then , that if we do not succeed , in the course of implementing REACH , in making the information and assessment processes less complex , the existing transposition deficit will become all the greater , and that really is not in the interests of anyone in this House .
The vote will take place at 6 p. m . All of these people will need to be fed and <unk> and they will need clean water .
<unk> of key new personnel in Europe to tackle international terrorism in Europe are to be welcomed , but we must remember that democracy is fragile and we must be strong in our efforts to promote the rule of law and protect democratic institutions .
Nepal cannot be allowed to <unk> to a system whereby the King is <unk> <unk> and the rights and lives of his subjects are in the hands of one man .
We need to remember the victims of the violent <unk> and <unk> regimes , and also the relevant places and <unk> sites .
The information that we must manage and provide for them must be clear and specific .
Social policy is now at risk of being made completely subordinate to economic policy .
The EU has opened up its own markets without obtaining reciprocal and equal access to third country markets .
There is also a need to clarify the legal responsibilities of the mining company and of the Romanian authorities .
We entirely support it .
I conclude my presentation by underlining that it is our fishermen and women who will have a central role in deciding the future of the European fishing industry .
The government itself says so .
Look at what has happened in South Africa , which the <unk> of Peace Movement from the Middle East has recently been visiting - exactly the same process occurred there .
Moreover , ECU 120 000 is an amount which is more appropriate to present times .
The observatory is symbolic of progress .
Certain amendments express the desire to put more stress on competition between ports than the Commission &apos; s package on ports does .
The debate on transatlantic relations is therefore closely linked to the European debate about our own effective common foreign policy .
If there are any who stand united on this issue , they are <unk> <unk> &apos; s and my own party .
This call must also go out to the President of Angola , Mr <unk> <unk> , who has equally failed to respect the rights of opposition Members of Parliament .
There is also a lot to be done within the fields of legislative , administrative , economic , social , financial , civic , technological and cultural cooperation .
Chinese authorities have been continuously returning North Korean refugees , fully knowing that the majority of the refugees will be <unk> up in camps straight away ; therefore we call on the Chinese authorities to address this issue in <unk> with the international standards of refugee rights .
The report measures human rights against this charter , which is why there is not the slightest reference to the slavery introduced with new forms of work and to the <unk> and <unk> of social benefits .
Mr President , I too would like to repeat all the thanks that have been conveyed to all those involved in this excellent committee of inquiry , particularly the <unk> , Mrs Redondo Jiménez , and Mr Kreissl-Dörfler , both of whom played exemplary roles in the whole process .
I regret that the Council &apos; s and Parliament &apos; s time has been used in this way .
We will have to answer the following questions : what do our nation states do ? , what do our regions do ? , what do the local regional administrative bodies do ?
The human drama has developed into a disaster , the victims of the hypocritical collateral accidents are increasing , the Rambouillet pretext has disappeared and the autonomy of Kosovo and ethnic rights have not been <unk> .
The rapporteur &apos; s suggestion that a single data protection supervisory body should be created , with a single secretariat , with legal personality and its own budget is also to be welcomed .
This could come about in such a way that Parliament , say by a given majority , could make recommendations to the Ecofin Council in extreme cases concerning the <unk> of even the President of the Bank .
This discussion does not belong in this report on the world-wide problem of child sex tourism .
The debate is closed .
The very act of <unk> to the visibility or otherwise of the design of a component in a complex product , in order to exclude it from protection , demonstrates just how difficult it is to find a concept and a formula to reconcile these interests without causing legal ambiguities and uncertainties .
We must still aim for a successful outcome across the whole negotiating agenda , delivering significant development gains by the end of next year .
<unk> since that time have demonstrated that those who considered it essential to strengthen the rights of individuals in war zones , including civilians and military personnel not directly involved in the conflict , were totally justified .
Mr President , we in the European Parliament &apos;s <unk> delegation had an opportunity in April to see for ourselves the conditions in which tens of thousands of refugees have been living for years in the camps in eastern Nepal .
The Greens are perhaps the only ones who doubt it .
I think that what we have achieved , namely payment appropriations amounting to <unk> % of the gross national income , is especially significant in the light of the negotiations about the financial perspectives .
As has been indicated by a number of other speakers , I was in Asia when this outbreak became public .
I was one of the Members who voted in favour of the resolution we adopted last year .
Let me raise another point .
The fifth round of enlargement did not end on 1 May this year .
Thanks to major medical advances in the area of child care and <unk> care , the figures for child and infant mortality have fallen to levels never before seen in history and probably unexpected up to even a few decades ago .
Personally , I would not want to feel like a quota , to think that I was in a particular job because I was a woman .
It would be a great credit to the current government to impose the necessary penalties against the two or three <unk> who were guilty of professional misconduct .
The European Union really can say and do more , if we are serious about having two peoples and two States , instead of what is happening now : one State that exists and another one that does not exist and is being constantly eroded .
It is restrictive , and our group is inclined to think that the Danish government pursued a very good policy on this point .
Mr President , there are two reasons why the post of European Ombudsman is important .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to thank the President-in-Office of the Council for having the courage to remind Parliament about something we have forgotten , namely that the basic problem relating to the European Union &apos;s economic performance is its low level of competitiveness .
Part II .
I should also like to point out that public health and the viability of fisheries should not be exhausted merely within a labelling system .
The Russian proposal to build a <unk> <unk> facility on Russian soil as an alternative to enrichment in Iran is an important contribution and has the full support of the EU .
However , this is only one piece of legislation .
It adopted a preliminary strategy for decentralisation and simplification of decision-making procedures - something which eventually will lead to substantial increases in Commission productivity and reducing those <unk> of bureaucracy that everybody rightly talks about .
We should , however , bear in mind that the enlargement of the EU is a very good investment in the future , an excellent investment .
It is imperative that the government moves swiftly to re-establish the rule of law and to allow the police and prosecution services to act against those who have been involved in or encouraged political violence or other human rights abuses .
This entails greater solidarity and more effective coordination ; to encourage widespread dumping is incompatible with the requirements of sustainable development .
Moreover , given that there are significant disparities between the Member States and also problems with the system , in particular in my own country , I am pleased that Mr Sterckx is tabling a report along these lines and I hope that the opposition in the Council will be overcome .
To call on the fact that group chairmen discharge themselves is in itself a matter that requires further discussion .
In order to initiate a Community action in the context of the <unk> campaign , we used inter alia the basis of texts relating to health , but there , too , the Member states , on the initiative of Sports Ministers , formed a committee to look into the best legal basis for the Commission &apos; s <unk> campaign .
Secondly , it must be able to accommodate an integrated planning approach and , thirdly , it must guarantee the development of sustainable agriculture and forestry .
I would also like to fully support his comments on the need to allow the regions - such as the Basque Country , which I represent - a margin for action , by virtue of the principle of subsidiarity .
I am also pleased at the opinions expressed by the Committee on Development and the Committee on Women ’ s Rights and Gender Equality , as well as the fact that the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs has substantially changed the approach proposed by Mrs <unk> in her report .
So there is only one resource left : a European income tax .
This is a matter that we should resolve as soon as possible , and we must take all the necessary precautions to ensure that the euro runs smoothly from 1 January next year .
Because most of the governments in this region do not see the importance of this at all .
The Holy Father John Paul II reminded us that only a Europe that <unk> its Christian roots , instead of doing away with them , will be able to rise to the great challenges of the third millennium .
<unk> such as South <unk> and <unk> in the United Kingdom must continue to benefit if they need it , and if they are shown to need it .
We will make sure that the European Union continues to make a positive contribution to the Middle East Peace Process .
Just like Europol .
More and more people see everything that is summed up under the heading of ‘ globalisation ’ as a danger rather than an opportunity ; in Europe , whole generations are completing their schooling without having been taught what underpins the social market economy and world trade , which leaves them open to <unk> and at the mercy of <unk> campaigns .
First of all , mobile communications are by their nature cross-border communications .
To close , I agree with the rapporteur that the <unk> could significantly promote product differentiation and provide a fundamental incentive for a sustainable fishing trade .
The vote will take place on Wednesday .
Let us not forget that although Europe is going to find itself in a position of surplus supply in the short term , with greater competition between the traditional suppliers , new resources will be necessary from around 2005 and the Union &apos;s dependence on external gas sources will increase .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution ) It would be wonderful if these same qualities of <unk> and responsibility informed all of the work undertaken by the College of Commissioners and its services .
( Applause ) I would ask the Commissioner in fairness to withdraw his remarks on the European Parliament finding itself unanimous in only one respect , namely in opposing the Commission .
As the previous speaker said , in a very large part of Europe , it is not to be taken for granted .
There will soon be a joint <unk> issued by the three institutions , which should help them to do just that .
This does not , however , give us the right to interfere in the internal political affairs of this country .
Mr President , the Commission &apos;s communication on environmental agreements is a good piece of work .
I have not issued an unreserved approval of the nuclear policy .
Yesterday , the US <unk> adopted a very similar resolution to that which we will vote on in a few moments , and I feel that is another demonstration of <unk> from the other side of the Atlantic .
Most of all , can the Commissioner explain to us how we can convince the workers in the European <unk> industry , who are at risk of losing their jobs as a result of unfair competition , of the benefits to be derived from globalisation of this kind ?
As far as I know we have never before had such a large number of grounds for postponement .
However , we in the European Parliament should not be modest and we should maintain that a Charter opens up the opportunity of forming part of the Treaties , of becoming part of an <unk> constitution and even possibly becoming the <unk> to it .
I believe Mr Martin sets out the parameters to achieve these objectives and I welcome his approach .
I am against it .
Mr President , I should like to thank the Commissioner and also congratulate Mr <unk> on his excellent report .
Commissioner , can you answer &apos;yes &apos; or &apos;no &apos; as to whether you intend to do this ?
Despite the broad support of the airlines , the pilots &apos; unions have not backed the rapporteur &apos;s proposals , taking the view that the flight times are exaggerated .
I regret very strongly that the introduction of the regulatory committee procedure for the adaptation of the lists of substances has not been supported by the report .
I think this is fair because it partly makes up for the lower wages women receive when they work .
Secondly , farmers prepared to convert their existing livestock housing or build new housing in such a way as to <unk> improve animal welfare , will receive more investment support than others .
Secondly , this text allows the competent authorities to <unk> the examination of the <unk> to other bodies <unk> the necessary expertise .
That , too , has to be defined .
I am disappointed with the outcome .
Its aim is to authorise the Member States to ratify or accede to that Convention in respect of parental responsibility and measures for the protection of children ( the Community cannot become a party to the Hague Convention ) .
If all that were to be included in working time , the driver would very soon reach the maximum limit , as a result of which productivity would decline unnecessarily .
Rather , it is a question of taking Parliament seriously enough to find it actually embarrassing that there are only 70 Members here when we vote on important matters such as school milk or Ethiopia .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr De <unk> , in very many ways , this directive is unique , really , for the simple reason that noise and the disturbance it causes are actually being recognised for the first time as a social and ecological problem .
<unk> and specifications of Euro coins We will not accept the interinstitutional agreement that we signed and ratified becoming a yoke around our <unk> .
Nobody wants inflation , yet price stability bought at the cost of employment and quality of life benefits only Europe ’ s rich , and <unk> the vast majority of Europeans .
Issues of harmonisation are being given prominence .
Mr President , I should like to make two specific and brief comments in the two minutes that are allocated to me .
This requires for example that the current Article 100a ( 4 ) of the Treaty of Rome is made more stringent .
Thus the committee is also putting forward for Parliament ’ s approval a statement that it is considered legitimate for Parliament to exercise its powers under Article 230 of the EC Treaty if this is necessary in order to put an end to a serious infringement of Community law that has been reviewed in the examination of a petition , and where a significant difference of interpretation <unk> – in spite of efforts to resolve it – between Parliament on the one hand and the Commission on the other , as regards the actions required by Community law for the protection of citizens ’ rights in the case concerned .
In all cases , we have to be <unk> and attend to the most urgent things first , waiting for the next <unk> .
When questioned about the conservation impact of this trade , Commissioner Dimas assured environment ministers in December 2005 that the Commission would review the impact of this trade on conservation grounds .
Personally , I consider that we have a political responsibility to send strong political signals to the Commission , the Council and the citizens .
Secondly , we are feeling our way towards a new and more productive working relationship with the Council and I hope with the European Parliament .
Our aim has thus been to open up a process of dialogue through which we can influence US practices and obtain assurances from them that will ensure that data is adequately protected .
( The sitting was suspended at <unk> p. m. and resumed at <unk> p. m . ) Moreover , the Commission considers that the application of the principles and rules listed in its proposal for a directive will result in a transfer of the volume of additional traffic towards maritime transport , which will inevitably create excess business and will result in jobs being created in European ports .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a. m . It is also important to cooperate with other <unk> and funding agencies , such as the IMF and the European Investment Bank , and to involve the new institutions , the banking system , the central bank and so forth in Bosnia-Herzegovina .
In fact , we in Europe have had few problems in making the necessary capital investment in new technologies .
Mr President , along with the single market comes <unk> commercial communication .
This , as I have said on numerous occasions , is something that has never been , is not and never will be acceptable to those of us who are committed to defending farmers with small- and medium-sized farms and our rural communities .
The funding decision represents growth of <unk> % compared to 1997 .
That is why things are going to be changed .
Nonetheless , the declarations relating to the provisions of the Constitution state that , if two years after signature of the Constitution , 4 / 5 of the Member States have ratified the Constitution in question and one or more Member States are facing difficulties in connection with ratification , the matter will be submitted to the European Council .
All European legislation must be put forward by a Commission proposal , adopted by a majority vote in the Council and <unk> by the European Parliament .
As regards the cohesion strategy – the strategy prepared by Commissioner Barnier – it has actually been carried out by the whole Commission and is shared by the new Commissioner .
I therefore think that a compromise solution must be found , particularly in the interest of the user .
In Vienna we were concerned with efficiency , and please note that this was also true of the Spanish member of the Council .
I am sorry we had to refer her last report back to committee .
I also believe we should be holding this debate in Brussels and not in Strasbourg .
I should also like to emphasise , with considerable pride , the active and committed participation of Commissioner <unk> Vitorino .
Thank you , Commissioner , for the frankness of your observations .
There is one point , however , upon which I cannot agree with you ...
I shall begin with the issue of enlargement .
This amounts to a massive increase of our current environment and health funding .
Such would be , in my judgment , an honest and proper course of action , without which we would lose all credibility and the same problem would <unk> its head in more countries every year .
This power lies with the European Parliament alone and , in a small number of exceptional cases , with the Commission in its <unk> proceedings .
The statistics published by the European Commission in its sixth report do however show , as Mr Berend pointed out , the limitations of the policy being implemented : This is referred to by the <unk> <unk> of a <unk> deficit &apos; .
We have experienced many <unk> .
These prove her wrong .
Within 48 hours , a former member of the <unk> board fell to his death from his New York <unk> and a former President of the European Central Bank , Wim Duisenberg , was found dead in his own swimming pool .
It is true that at this moment the European shipbuilding industry - to be specific <unk> shipbuilding - accounts for only 20 % of the world market , but that figure could be greatly increased .
There are lots of <unk> .
A large majority of my group supports the Member States &apos; position on military action .
As things stand today , the EU is incapable of ensuring its own security unless it <unk> in military and political cooperation with the United States .
Regarding TACs and quotas , again I would raise the strategic problem here of ministers debating with scientists through the Commission and coming up with a compromise that allows all ministers to claim victory , while at the same time , scientists are trying to make decisions on the actual scientific state of the stocks .
The entire world has been focusing on consideration for the elderly in the past few days , with the <unk> of the <unk> <unk> by Pope John Paul II , which greatly encouraged the little Pensioners &apos; Party as it was an example of genuine interest and commitment shown towards the elderly throughout the whole world , including , in particular , those in developing countries .
<unk> / 2001 by Mr Queiró and Mr Ribeiro e Castro , on behalf of the UEN Group : floods in Mozambique ; We must finally put this into practice and ask ourselves whether it would not be a good idea – I , for one , think it is one , and it is one that I am glad to adopt – to submit a report in four years or so to demonstrate the impact of it all , and check whether it has the desired effect or whether there are maybe better methods for achieving our goal .
That is what the Commission has proposed over and over again in the last few years .
.
I naturally voted in favour of this report , which encourages fishing methods that are more respectful of the environment .
Progress towards accession by the 12 candidate countries The completion of the process ... We therefore need to give him credit and to note , of course , that Commissioner Fischler , who is present here , and Commissioner Diamantopoulou helped him in this .
The same problem arose with shoes with textile <unk> , video <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , etc .
Overall , Bulgaria and Romania should be commended for their far-reaching efforts and achievements to adapt their legislation and administration to the laws and rules of the European Union .
It is important to support and encourage interaction between rural areas and towns , since each provides the other &apos;s resources .
<unk> experience has shown that if we want to make the European Voluntary Service a success , it has to be done within a realistic financial framework .
It is also worth noting the commitment made by the Korean authorities on the subject of unfair competition with the European Union in sensitive sectors such as shipbuilding and the automobile industry .
In virtually all problem areas , the Commission will fail to achieve its own reduction targets by the year 2000 .
I was therefore shocked to discover that state <unk> has been taking place against Professor <unk> , first when Haider &apos;s lawyer , acting as prosecutor and judge in the case of <unk> against Mr Haider , whom Professor <unk> described as responsible for having made National Socialist positions and statements politically acceptable .
Many other verification measures have been mentioned , especially the mechanisms designed to curb the corruption , the arms trade and the drug trafficking that exist in Albania .
There will , and would be , absolutely no point in the governments of a finally reunified Europe acting wisely after this Intergovernmental Conference is over .
Madam President , Finland has had a period of transition to adapt regulations for imports of alcohol to EU levels .
Otherwise , how can we possibly talk about a &quot; European social model &apos; ?
Why ?
On the subject of Category 1 - agricultural policy - Mr Samland , the committee chairman , has already made a firm statement , so I shall not comment on that again .
Children of EU officials deserve a quality education in their mother tongue and the existence of the schools helps the institutions in the recruitment and retention of suitable qualified personnel .
On the issue of labelling , I am sorry to see that there are amendments against this .
As many of you have pointed out , we are not working for politics here , but for the future of our Union , and I hope that the debate launched by the publication of the White Paper will enable us to strengthen our capacity for joint action in order to implement a genuine strategy for developing the talents of these 80 million young citizens in the European Union , towards whom we have a great responsibility .
With your help , I would like to try to <unk> up the report a little and remove a number of redundant items .
We are asking Member States to pay due attention to the application of the guidelines for the employment sector .
So we have a crisis .
Those sort of rights are universally valid .
This black <unk> includes both Serbia and many other countries and is right at the heart of the new geographical area you are building .
Environment policy clearly has to be integrated into all policy areas .
Since the time allotted to Questions to the Council has elapsed .
Yet the entire United States policy consists of <unk> the imbalances : the global imbalances , of course , as this superpower no longer recognises any boundaries , but also the regional imbalances , and that , in relation to this issue on the agenda , is undoubtedly the most serious aspect of all .
Thank you , Mrs Van Lancker .
However , market prices are still at levels below the intervention price and , therefore , the Commission decided last Wednesday that it intends to renew the safeguard clause .
I take the view that this common position is rightly founded on Article 100a and I will vote for it .
After the high hopes of ten years ago , the feeling is now one of extreme <unk> in the face of the continuing occupation , the development of settlements , the construction of the wall , the ‘ targeted ’ assassinations , the arrests , the detention of prisoners , the daily violence and the worsening living conditions as a result of the territories being <unk> off .
In particular , I think that we should introduce a European social label which requires products from Africa and Asia to indicate their exact origin , so that we can see if they come from countries which exploit children or violate the labour code .
It is hard to imagine when this might happen , but it is equally hard to imagine a Union without Bosnia and Herzegovina .
To put it more simply , these bodies must be independent and they must operate transparently .
The <unk> of <unk> <unk> is a highly valuable contribution in this area .
Parliament , the Committee , has done a good job of this .
The launch of the euro on 1 January of this year also had negative effects on European farmers &apos; incomes due to the pure and simple abolition of the green <unk> .
I would therefore like to ask the members of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy and other members of Parliament to have another good look at this before deciding how to vote and I would ask them to support these points of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market .
The Parliament has even put back the entry into force for 12 months because we take the airlines ’ particular and difficult economic situation seriously .
A short while ago , however , when I was listening to my fellow Members speaking about the reports on the budget and other subjects – I do apologise – but I <unk> off .
It seems extraordinary to me that a political group can put down an amendment and then ask for a split vote on their own amendment which happened on Amendment No 9 in that final vote .
We want to carry out our work on behalf of our constituents where it is most effective and cost efficient , namely in Brussels .
This would make it possible to return to the debates on the Constitution with an altered level of mutual understanding .
For ourselves in the <unk> region , it would in actual fact be best if we were to pay local tax where we live and State tax where we work .
I should then like to ask the Commissioner if it would still not be possible , despite previous failures , to continue with carbon taxes and attempt to convince the Member States of the wisdom of carrying out these measures .
In addition , given our concern about assessment of the structural fund actions , I think that a clear , easily applicable and consistent methodology for <unk> , ongoing and <unk> assessment of the actions must be devised .
Secondly , the Council should understand that Parliament <unk> its <unk> as budgetary authority with all that this implies and that this modified amending budget means that , even when , with regard to own resources , Parliament is not on an equal footing with the Council , in this and in other areas that are currently being discussed , what citizens are asking for is a stable institutional balance and a dialogue which obtains practical results , because there are no other alternatives that would produce improved benefits for all .
The essential fact is that there is a shift in position by the European Union , as we saw with <unk> meat and bananas .
Mr President , the Commission &apos; s report on monitoring the application of Community law is a most important document because it reveals the true situation in the European Union and more sittings should perhaps have been devoted to it , not just the Friday sitting .
Surely the agreement could be implemented and the problems raised could be sorted out later .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr President of the Commission , the Maastricht Treaty , which had the merit of laying down the stages for introduction of the single currency , nevertheless failed to meet the expectations of the representatives of those states that wished a further step to be taken towards European integration .
This failure on the part of the Jospin government , which finally withdrew its proposal , demonstrates that a reform of the voting method used for the European elections must , of necessity , take into consideration : the real expectations of our citizens and representatives , the existing geographical and administrative realities and the change in the number of Members of the European Parliament for each Member State , following enlargement .
The question relates in particular to how the Presidency intends to deal with adherence to the ILO Convention on slave labour .
But I think it suffers from certain illusions in relation to family life , school life and culture .
Noise and pollution have become significant cultural factors .
As long as we do not realise that animals are not goods , maintained just for our profit , nothing will change here .
Commissioner , the question you are being asked deserves relatively general answers that can be found , together with your comments , by reading our daily papers .
Mr President , during the last term in office , I was a member of the Committee on Legal Affairs and I followed this issue , and then , just as now , I was highly <unk> , because we are talking here about the Commission ’ s legal responsibilities , in accordance with Article 232 of the Treaty , which relates to the procedure on failure to act , but , according to Article 232 , in order for the European Parliament to complain about a violation of the Treaty , it must involve a violation of the Treaty as such .
Furthermore , as has already been said , with regard to the arms embargo , we must remember that it must remain in place , at least until there is significant progress with regard to human rights , which also includes the situation in Tibet , until what happened in <unk> is sufficiently clarified , and above all , in my view , until the European Union ’ s code of conduct becomes a legally binding text .
- <unk> / 2006 by <unk> <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control , on the discharge for the implementation of the budget of the European Agency for Reconstruction for the financial year 2004 &#91; 2005 / <unk> ( <unk> ) &#93; ; One of the plans announced is the introduction of some form of road user charge such as a <unk> <unk> by all road hauliers , British and <unk> alike , for their use of the road network in the UK .
We therefore have sound , common yardsticks for whether the community of nations is doing enough .
In any case , it seems to me that the most important thing is that the choice of assistants - their qualifications , their skills and so on - should be a matter for individual Members of Parliament , who should be at liberty to select their own assistants and agree working arrangements with them .
By creating this legislation , will we not soon find ourselves in a ridiculous position , <unk> on the <unk> ?
We want the Stability and Growth Pact ; let us abide by it and implement it .
In other cases , like Palestine , the lack of visibility was due to insufficient effort with the media .
Further , as other Members have already stated , these multinationals often take advantage of the opportunity offered by privatisation – which unfortunately , most of the time , are no more than asset sales – to acquire our family <unk> at <unk> down prices , as was exactly the case with Thyssen <unk> at Terni .
Mr President , I wish to thank everybody for a very interesting debate , and the Committee on Women &apos;s Rights for the support it has given to this campaign concerning violence against women , and also for the support for the Daphne programme .
If we follow the model of the Development Assistance Committee ( <unk> ) of the OECD for the rationalisation of strategies to combat poverty , we will also have to follow the <unk> on the structure of the budgets , so that we can assess the effectiveness of our policy in relation to our objectives .
I should like briefly to illustrate this by way of three examples .
<unk> and their regimes and families should not be allowed to leave their country or to acquire any assets abroad .
After all these years we are now arriving at the possibility of a solution which has <unk> the Union for so many years .
Member States are confronted with the outcome of their own <unk> .
Information received only recently reveals that Australia &apos;s attitude has also changed for the better with regard to East Timor &apos;s future .
We belong to a culture of solidarity , a culture of <unk> and it is therefore important to seek solutions jointly .
If this development occurs – and I know that Mr Ahern is a master of patience and persuasion – then agreement may not be far away .
We should encourage this sort of therapeutic action throughout Europe .
Even more , this may indeed <unk> a policy which provides no solution to the problem of unemployment .
As a member of the European Single Market , they will have access to over <unk> million potential customers - over 6 times more than in Britain alone .
In view of these accidents , it would be premature to seek to call into question legislation which has been in existence for three years .
Mr President , my thanks first and foremost to Florence <unk> , who is just leaving but who , I think , is still within <unk> .
What I do not understand , though , is that we , although we have laid down principles in the new coordination regulation , still manage to allow a number of Member States to get away with things of which we have said beforehand that they should actually be <unk> .
We need to make it easier to start and run a business and to keep and invest profits .
If no vote was taken , we cannot have a definitive report .
We can therefore be sure that EU accession negotiations will be very lengthy , and I for one fully support the Eurlings report .
The Socialist Group has therefore tabled an amendment - inspired by myself - to the joint resolution that we are to vote upon tomorrow , and I hope to obtain from President Jacques Santer a clarification that in no way will the Community &apos;s agreements on economic and social cohesion contradict or put at risk the pursuit of the very just goals of promoting employment .
This clearly shows that the national legislation of the great majority of the countries concerned complies with the acquis .
It is not all that often , Commissioner , that we hear good news and I should like to thank you for it on this occasion ; it really is very important to us for you to have answered our question both precisely and positively .
I would not want Europe to suffer the same fate .
Why should this be , you ask ?
These new additions have now satisfied all the criteria laid down in the directive .
How much are the Member States prepared to concede , and how much capacity to act do they want the EU to have ?
As we all know , the need to maintain unanimity prevents rapid and effective decision-making of any kind , and this at a time when the seriousness of the threats to the EU since the attacks of 11 September and those on Madrid and London should encourage a much more rapid decision-making process .
<unk> in the port were seen <unk> the attack by the special forces and several <unk> injured people were treated as common criminals , just for defending their basic rights .
I do not imagine that you believe , Commissioner , that with a million and a half hectares for energy crops and a subsidy of EUR 40 per hectare we can respond to the needs of the huge number of farmers who are going to lose their livelihood .
Let me just add one more sentence , which should really be the longest part of my speech .
We need to state that , in a globalised society , our wealth and our military power do not offer the man in the street any security .
One very interesting project , for example , is our cooperation with the Council of Europe , a joint programme in cooperation with Russia , designed to help Russia fulfill the necessary conditions for membership of the Council of Europe .
I should like to single out , if I may , Mr Hänsch , Mr Méndez de Vigo and Mr <unk> .
With a roll call vote costing about ECU 1 , 500 , having 50 roll call votes , I <unk> has just cost us about ECU 75 , 000 .
Well , Amendment No 28 is an attempt to modify Regulation No <unk> / 94 .
Commissioner Byrne , in this directive on the marketing of compound feed we find our old problem <unk> , namely the question of open declarations .
The presidency is , of course , aware that things will not come to a halt at Nice , that we must look to the future and handing over the <unk> .
If we get , as expected , an increase as a result of conciliation more money will , of course , be asked for next year .
As far as this is concerned , we would have also preferred a cost-benefit analysis by the Commission .
Unless a different budget policy is pursued , the very accession of these States will cause the poverty line to run still more deeply in Europe .
By the same token , we would only accept the <unk> of this new heading for Timor in a multiannual perspective to be considered within an international framework .
They presume to say ‘ ’ , but neither Mr Farage nor Mr de Villiers is an <unk> <unk> – far from it !
Parliament clearly indicated its priorities for 1996 , and those priorities must be taken equally into account in any evaluation of the programme .
After all , this is the rationale behind the Commission being ‘ fully associated ’ with common foreign and security policy .
What measures have been taken to inform and protect consumers ( certificates , labelling , information campaigns ) ?
That is right .
Sport , however , must not be placed last on the school curriculum .
All Member States are equal , but clearly , some Member States are more equal than others in the eyes of the Commission .
Mrs Van Lancker does not undermine the principle of subsidiarity in this extremely balanced report .
Those are the kinds of areas that need to be changed .
The fact Flanders does not tap the resources for 1995 , 1996 , 1997 and 1998 , merely underlines their <unk> .
Considering the size of the agricultural budget and the fact that it extends to every corner of the Union , it is a relatively small amount of money .
It is crucial that there is rigorous monitoring , from the farm to the consumer &apos; s table .
( Explanation of vote abbreviated in accordance with Rule 137 ( 1 ) of the Rules of Procedure ) If we want the extremely important system of financial provisions for MEPs to progress , let us call it by its name .
I will conclude , Madam President , with a question .
This should have the desired and immediate effect of <unk> the consumer of the price of the product in the euro denomination so that , when it is up and running as a currency , consumers will be able to adapt to the new monetary regime with understanding and confidence .
Unfortunately , these acts of terrorism are merely one further stage in the civil war that has been <unk> the country for more than 25 years .
It must be appreciated , however , that a reduction is all we can hope for ; immediate eradication is not possible for the simple reason that we have no means of finding out which of Britain &apos;s eleven million cattle might be carrying an infection .
We all want peace , except perhaps Milosevic .
We congratulate the Commission on taking an initiative to bring forward legislative proposals .
I should also like to signal the continuous creation of insecure jobs .
Mr Vitorino , we thank you for presenting these proposals today .
In resolving the problem we should focus more on the use of mines as instruments of terror than the equipment itself .
We must demand that medical and humanitarian assistance be sent , as a matter of extreme urgency and , above all , we must stop using statements to hide our lack of action and stop <unk> our conscience by claiming that we are preserving fragile democracy in Russia .
– Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , just before Christmas the political group chairmen had an opportunity to speak to the <unk> Irish Presidency : with the <unk> , Foreign Minister Brian <unk> and the Minister for Europe , <unk> Roche .
If Parliament &apos;s proposals to allow <unk> and <unk> to be grown on set-aside land and be used for animal feed had been implemented - they have been passed by a majority three times here , but that shows yet again how powerless Parliament is - then we would have had more basic <unk> and more protein feed .
By July 1995 , 95 % of the total resources were allocated so the Commission is reporting this as a considerable success .
( Parliament adopted the resolution ) We must now look forward .
<unk> incentives should also be guaranteed so that disadvantaged consumers can also buy environmentally friendly products .
That said , given the progress made on Galileo , I think that we are still a long way short of the target and that we must not give up what we already have for something far less certain .
We shall support the release of the <unk> report - that is one part of Mr Elles &apos; motion .
The answer is clear : no , it is not what the European Parliament was asking for , because the European Parliament wanted a <unk> reform of the institutions ; because the European Parliament wanted to prepare the Union for enlargement ; because the European Parliament wanted to deal with the problems of concern to the citizens .
So long as nuclear weapons exist , there is a danger of them being used in error .
Health problems are those involving not simply antibiotics or <unk> , but mysterious and <unk> <unk> such as <unk> .
No more standing still !
<unk> <unk> much the same as gold .
Work in the space sector must form part of the context of the European research area and the bulk of resources allocated to this field should be shared by the Union ’ s Member States .
As far as migration in search of work is concerned , the German Federal Interior Minister , <unk> <unk> , made it abundantly clear that legal migration cannot be considered in isolation from the labour market , so we know that nothing is happening on that front either , and , as for the Human Rights Agency that is so important to you , what the German Federal Chancellor , <unk> <unk> , had to say about that was , in effect , ‘ well , yes , all right , if we do not have any choice in the matter , but why do we have to have an agency to watch over our own fundamental rights ? ’ That kind of provision bears witness to the Community &apos; s commitment to promote a more just , more <unk> society , and above all , it has opened the way to appropriate Community action aimed at contributing to the fight against discrimination in general .
The question is , how far have tolerance , democratic rule of law , separation of powers and respect for the separation of powers been put into practice in Turkey ?
Mr President , in actual fact , it is not really necessary to take stock of the activities of the current Prodi Commission , although much could be said about it .
This is necessary already for the functioning of the single market , and will be all the more so with the advent of the single currency when , once all the other distorting factors have been eliminated - such as transfer costs and exchange risks - fiscal differences alone will determine capital movements .
The accession of ten new Member States to the EU presents us with a great challenge as regards the creation of a good , safe working environment in these new Member States .
I would like to make it clear that I have the greatest respect for you personally , but the institutions must have equal representation in such debates .
Finally , I would like to say that I think it is rather <unk> that the European Parliament in Amendment No 9 on article 1 is already referring to the <unk> from the Treaty of Amsterdam , and is asking the Council to take these into consideration , whilst this treaty has not even been ratified by the various national parliaments in the Member States .
This small correction would enable me to agree completely with you , because I , Mr <unk> , want to limit myself to the role of the European Parliament , because we are not fulfilling our duty .
I am in favour of an accelerated timetable for the implementation of this proposal overall but with a longer timetable for small-scale car producers .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr President-in-Office , I share your concern about the problems raised in the Schmid report .
This apart , however , there are two elements which I do believe to be important .
Having said that , we must be clear : do we or do we not want to promote maritime traffic and transport ?
That is also my objection to what Mr Karas said .
As for the general historical context , consideration should be given to the post-war history of the whole of Europe , not only in its political dimensions , and all of us must act in full awareness of our historical legacy .
It became apparent from the hearings that Mr Frattini is an outstanding personality , competent , <unk> , and <unk> , with an in-depth knowledge of his brief .
I could not agree more with what Commissioner Verheugen stated this morning : if a problem of that kind occurs , we , in the European Union , cannot resort to any compromises , but need to have the nerve to act firmly .
Thank you , Commissioner Bangemann .
The EU budget should not be cut in the next budget period : the focus must be on work to support competitiveness and growth .
The compromise is not really a success for the European Parliament .
The forecasts indicate a 4 % increase , that is , ECU <unk> million , compared with last year .
It is also a major element for the process of enlarging the Community , since it opens up to Cyprus and the countries of central and eastern Europe associated in the programmes , preparing their citizens and their institutions for accession .
Its broad coverage of all major thematic and geographic human rights issues <unk> the European Union ’ s strong <unk> to the protection and promotion of human rights as defining principles of the Union across the board : as a community of shared values , founded on the principles of liberty , democracy , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms , and the rule of law .
You then spoke about foreign policy ; here , too , we take the view that we must press on with the reconstruction of Iraq with real determination .
Mr Primakov is facing two major challenges : to restore the authority of the State and the unity of the country .
Perhaps this <unk> the fear of more <unk> on the part of Europe or the United States of America and other countries .
I would also remind you that the chairman of the Committee on Budgetary Control and the rapporteurs were able to consult the full document in situ .
We shall appoint you defender of Members &apos; interests .
But there is more to it than just that : the Treaty has actually been strengthened in a number of areas .
There is no one view within the Council so as the representative of the presidency , I cannot speak on behalf of the Council .
Today we are not just discussing nuclear energy .
So this amendment was not tabled out of <unk> , but out of experience and a desire to be helpful , in my usual style .
The technical details are to be <unk> at the Dublin Council , which is a concern raised in the motion for a resolution .
the creation of a European <unk> for strict monitoring , compliance with rules and prosecution of persons responsible , They must not be allowed to use our common institutions to marginalise the smaller Member States .
The House , in its wisdom , can then decide .
Indeed , Parliament must support all efforts by the Union and the Member States to help our African and Caribbean partners to deal with the negative impact on their economies of the changes made to our COM in bananas following the findings of the World Trade Organisation .
All of the European Union &apos; s candidate countries , as well as the countries of the European Economic Area , have given their backing to these statements .
Europe , the presidency and all of us here must be able to depend on a fully operational Commission in the coming days .
We must therefore , once again , strongly reiterate our firm and cooperative position as the Commissioner said , in support of a strong democracy , given that terrorism constitutes a direct threat to our core values .
For us , it is important for the EU to concentrate instead on areas in which it can really do some good .
The body responsible for determining the exact classification of the items to be included when certifying death and informing the statistical authorities of causes of death is the World Health Organisation , with which we work very closely , as I mentioned in my initial reply .
On the other hand , if they are released into the natural environment , they can undergo chemical or physical changes and , amongst other things , create an ozone <unk> .
They are in fact based on a fundamental principle concerning the procedural safeguards that are to be harmonised and offered to all those charged in criminal proceedings throughout the European Union : if criminal proceedings are organised at a European scale , then citizens ’ rights should also be guaranteed at that level .
But a problem has arisen which I wonder whether the Commissioner would agree to take on board , in whatever changes and variations are to be made in the future , and it is this : in areas like mine where the population is extremely mobile , it has been very difficult under the rules of <unk> to direct the assistance precisely to the people who have lost their jobs , because many of them have <unk> off to other parts of the country or even abroad to find other employment .
My question expresses the concern of large groups of SMEs and your response , Commissioner , will influence the way I vote tomorrow .
– Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as we have heard , current European legislation does not permit European producers to use wood <unk> to age wine .
That is why the report by Mrs <unk> is so important , and I am much obliged to her for it .
The list of atrocities in Belarus is endless : imprisoned and disappeared journalists , persecution , maltreatment , torture of opponents , <unk> elections , frequent application of the death penalty and no freedom of expression .
That is why we thought that Directive 83 / <unk> , which defines the term multinational concern , should be added to Regulation No 1408 / 7 .
We know that the Commission is also preparing its assessment , which we look forward to seeing .
In paragraph 3 of my report , in the phrase ‘ applicable to all three categories set out in Article 87 ( 3 ) ( a ) ’ at the end of the first line and the beginning of the second line , I would like to delete the word ‘ three ’ , so that the text would then read ‘ applicable to all categories set out in Article 87 ( 3 ) ( a ) ’ .
This directive is a vitally important element in any strategy to that end .
For <unk> reasons , the Legal Affairs Committee rejected this proposal so as keep the Council &apos;s decision making on the Statute for Members of the European Parliament and on the statute for assistants separate from each other .
Mr President , I am glad the Council eventually reached a compromise on the future Financial Perspective in December .
They do not have the same <unk> qualities .
I welcome it because my friend , Mrs Müller , who is the scourge of the Commission , tells me that this is a fairly well run programme and that Mrs Cresson &apos;s <unk> does not have any part in it .
And I can tell you , the responses were extremely mixed .
I even saw in one of our newspapers that they were calling the missiles <unk> &apos; .
I would like you to know that you have our full and unequivocal support , and that we owe you a debt of gratitude .
It is positive that the presidency attaches such weight to these issues and we look forward <unk> to an initiative on drugs , not least concerning police and customs cooperation .
Such groupings in the European Parliament often perform a valuable role .
The proposals in Mr Harbour &apos;s report relating to &quot; must carry &quot; provisions reflect the importance and sensitivity of the area .
However , the <unk> <unk> Committee agreed about the need for a broad review of all aspects concerning the implementation of safeguards at enrichment plants .
For many years the European Parliament has called for a clause guaranteeing the fundamental rights of employees to be included in agreements when the EU grants <unk> tariff preferences .
– Mr President , my speech , too , concerns the <unk> incidents which , I am afraid to say , are becoming more and more frequent along the Italian coasts .
That would be an excellent idea , Mr Newens .
At the end of the day , the current Presidency embodies the Council .
Furthermore , in cooperation with a number of other countries , the EU submitted a declaration to continue working on this issue .
It is certainly no coincidence that the Chechen <unk> ’ primary target is not Russian military posts but the infrastructure of the oil industry .
I agree with the <unk> from four other groups that the European Union is now obliged to play a positive role in a peaceful and correct division of Serbia and the construction of democracy and economy in Kosovo .
On the use of <unk> electricity and <unk> technologies for air pollutants , we aim to use the same study to examine the costs and benefits and present positive examples .
I am sure that their involvement in the Community programmes will have a positive effect on the participants and that this represents an excellent basis for preparing for membership .
However , the <unk> of the sentence of Mr <unk> <unk> proves , as Ali <unk> , the famous journalist , also stated so clearly , that Article 301 has to be changed or <unk> .
I cannot stand to see this gap between the global and inclusive process that we have always wanted and the absence of an overview .
There are three levels to the Charter : the treaty itself , the agreements specific to three countries and the concrete measures .
<unk> are not therefore <unk> : they are , sadly , our children , those who live alongside us .
This model of indirect influence is frequently used by the Commission through numerous other <unk> associations , sometimes receives 100 % funding and which should one day be studied to understand better the <unk> of the spread of federalism .
My third reason is perhaps the most important one , and that is the impression and impact that we as a Parliament make on the people sitting in the tribunal , the people watching us on television and looking at our work .
In fact this 4 % ceiling has never been reached for the large Member States such as Spain , Italy or Poland , and it never will be .
The international community , and in particular the European Union , must persevere with their efforts to avoid a confrontation which would , moreover , constitute an extremely serious source of global instability .
We must put into practice the principles and actions proposed in this own-initiative report so as to make rural life more attractive to young people , thus preventing depopulation of the countryside .
One of my fellow MEPs , Sir James <unk> , was in my constituency in the UK earlier this week putting forward various views about the fishing industry .
While I support all endeavours to resolve this crisis , I am not satisfied that the committee was entirely even-handed in its approach .
The Commission proposal also seeks to protect the consumer against entering too <unk> into agreements concluded by distance marketing .
My first point is addressed to the Commissioner and concerns <unk> items where the Commission pays an enormous amount of money for subsidies for growing rice , bananas and the <unk> of wine .
These are the factors we need to promote .
This is why I am unable to approve of the guidelines contained in this report , especially when made exacerbated by the many amendments introduced by the right <unk> .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 98 ) by Mr Titley , on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Security and Defence Policy , on the communication from the Commission on implementing European Union strategy on defence-related industries ( COM ( 97 ) <unk> - <unk> / 98 ) .
I have said since I took up office that I want to see the emergence of a modern , effective and streamlined service , working as an integral part of the external relations structures of the Commission , and at the service of all the institutions of the Union .
The Presidency of the Council and the Commission have worked - and will continue to work - <unk> to reach an agreement .
I should like to say that , as has been pointed out , the Council wishes to help find a solution that guarantees the individual Member dignity and public respect .
Have any complaints been lodged in relation to <unk> contracts , and if so , what action will the Commission take to ensure that Community law is complied with ?
We therefore request that delegations from Parliament be admitted to these meetings in future , at least as observers .
As far as the role of the guidelines on employment are concerned , I did not quite understand your question .
From it there has emerged a strategy which , for now , is considered a common strategy , although nobody can tell what will happen in future .
I want to ask you whether you do not agree with me that what we have here in relation to the <unk> <unk> in France is in Europe what we are protesting against over the laws which are blocking trade with Cuba .
On the one hand we have Economic and Monetary Union .
The most <unk> way of allocating emissions is by <unk> them .
Mr President , I should like to begin by sincerely thanking all those who have made an important contribution to this debate , in the form of ideas and of truly interesting suggestions , and I fully intend to inform Mr <unk> &apos; about them .
It was mooted in Athens 20 years ago as a <unk> idea , and subsequently taken up by other European cities .
In this context , I have to make it quite clear that in my judgment - in our judgment - Mr <unk> has <unk> the <unk> and objectivity which are essential when dealing with an issue of this nature .
As is apparent from Article 5 of its proposal for a Regulation on the basis of Article 103 ( 5 ) , the Commission shares your concerns .
I also think we should ensure , or ask Member States to ensure , that there is some publicity given to European aid whenever it is used to repair damage caused by natural disasters or accidents .
The situation is that this dangerous animal disease spreads in an explosive manner if it is introduced in <unk> stocks .
Why should it be exempt from excise ?
It is crucial as part of the EU code of conduct that we <unk> arms brokers and start to control their activities .
How will this point be received by Estonia , Poland and Cyprus , for example ?
They continued to ignore the need to forgive the <unk> countries their debts , and held out for their own priorities , particularly the Singapore issues , rather than the need for fair trade and sustainable development .
Mr President , I shall conclude my speech by highlighting a similar need for vigilance with regard to the United States and its anti-dumping measures .
It is important , particularly for the many aid organisations , that such export is not prevented , and that simple channels are opened and simple decision making procedures put in place to promote such opportunities .
I voted in favour of ratifying the agreement reached between Parliament and the Council of Ministers , for the following reasons : The massacre at the <unk> refugee camp of <unk> last August was only one in a long series of <unk> actions .
<unk> Europe a role as leader on the international stage , involving all the EU countries is not incompatible with the firm belief that international cooperation is necessary : cooperation , in the first instance , with the United States – thinking here of the International Space station – but also with other countries , including Russia , Japan and China itself .
The failure of <unk> II and the failure to achieve full compliance because all sorts of <unk> are now at work means that we need to come up with proposals for a new , modern service .
We want a competent , democratic Russia , but we also believe that what is happening today in Chechnya is a disgrace for Russia and a disgrace for Europe .
If Basel II were to be implemented as it has been drafted by the Basel Committee , then it would be easier for businesses that do not need money - that is , loans - to have access to credit .
The question we must ask ourselves is whether we want to restore the balance between deepening and widening , to reaffirm our plans to ensure that the enlarged European Union is able to act and to focus once again on the issue of political unity , or to allow the EU to <unk> away to nothing but a free trade area .
Had such a meeting been requested , the necessary arrangements would certainly have been made .
If , however , the EU <unk> power to itself in areas in which the national parliaments themselves can legislate , we lose in terms of both influence and democracy .
It is clear that pharmaceutical companies could play a constructive role in addressing these needs .
The adoption of the report to be voted on tomorrow will give the green light to enlargement .
This report is even more significant , though , because meat , milk and fish are basic foodstuffs .
Action must get under way immediately .
For example , discrimination often forces people into unskilled labour and insecure jobs that almost always provide poor pay and therefore a poor standard of living .
The previous French government implemented a plan of support for the textile industry .
The setting of a maximum number of animals aims only to distinguish commercial movements from other <unk> movements .
In any case , Mr Cassidy , without making the point explicitly , you say on page 12 , and I quote , &apos; unemployment : the European Union &apos;s priority &apos; .
I have to say that if Europe does not wish to reinforce this monopoly , and if we in Europe want to be able to settle conflicts through effective and strong European diplomacy , we must establish a European defence architecture .
If you do not cooperate in this area , then there may not be trouble in 1997 but there certainly will be in 1998 .
This should be understood broadly and should therefore include the consideration of possible conversion of agriculture and industrial production .
An EU as a potential military superpower is a step in the wrong direction for a united , peaceful Europe .
Not one of them is a <unk> language , even though one in four of the Union ’ s citizens use a language of this type .
This Commission &apos;s desire to integrate European immigration policy is a wonderful opportunity to ensure that , instead of spending development funds on monitoring borders and the forced repatriation of immigrants , they are assigned to more constructive activities in accordance with the principle of combating poverty which <unk> European cooperation policy .
Nor has Cyprus &apos; s applicant status suffered .
I must ask Parliament whether it is justifiable to pay six times as much in additional subsidies for a <unk> of extra soya production than a <unk> of soya would cost on the market .
– In light of the reality of the deteriorating economic and social situation in most EU countries , the Stability and Growth Pact is finally being called into question , albeit late in the day , and only when France and Germany have failed to comply .
As I said , it has been a long , drawn-out business and the last time we discussed it in Parliament was December 1999 .
Mr President , I want to make three comments at the opening of this debate , which I and other speakers welcome .
These regulations are clearly useful when it is a question of making the countries of Europe participate in markets implemented in complete safety , but they are totally inadequate when it is a question of ensuring that the victims of the most recent European conflict are <unk> , looked after and <unk> , after a period of insecurity and exclusion , into a Europe which is ashamed of having let this conflict get increasingly worse for six years , leaving 200 000 dead and more than a million and a half refugees and displaced people .
We are therefore unaware of the impacts of the directive &apos; s application on either the level of service provided to the people or the current European postal operators in terms of both economics and employment .
We have thus taken a major step towards a reasonable <unk> split between future transport providers and a good new opportunity for railway companies in the Union .
The European Union is the only example in history of a power that has grown through the voluntary accession of its neighbours .
I think that there are two reasons for this .
We cannot <unk> them .
<unk> the draft budget broadly follows the Commission &apos;s requests for other cooperation measures , in particular , in respect of measures in favour of democracy and human rights , whether in Central and Eastern Europe and particularly Yugoslavia , in the newly independent states , in Mongolia , Latin America or in other countries .
Vienna was the first of such meetings .
I hope that it will pave the way for a more transparent , responsible and democratic Europe , a Europe that applies the most rigorous ethical standards .
We have geared our cooperation and development and our humanitarian programmes above all towards the reduction of poverty .
One , according to the text , in <unk> <unk> de <unk> , and the other in <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
The ECHO case illustrates the need for measures to combat the kind of fraudulent practices that are <unk> <unk> inside the EU system .
The second comment which I wish to make is that <unk> payment systems operating with so-called <unk> arrangements , that is those which do not operate a conventional netting system but which have netting of their results , in other words where the final outcome is similar to the netting system , should in my opinion as rapporteur be included within the scope of this directive .
We will do everything we can to help you to create a stable and democratic country .
But we must all tend this plant which is just beginning to take root , so that it can bear fruit for the good of the European Union , its economic and , above all , its fiscal policies .
The ruling class wants them to be illegal so that they can hold them to physical and psychological ransom .
Is it therefore necessary to extend this legislative text to the countries who do not want it - I am referring here to the United Kingdom which is currently at the top of the European art market - if to do so would be to threaten their competitiveness ?
In conclusion , I would like the Commission to ban mass medication of the public water supply .
Mr Wijsenbeek , I have been very tolerant but I cannot allow the dialogue to continue .
Various Members of this Parliament had questions on this , but we did not place this on the agenda in the plenary session for reasons of discretion .
We all speak the same language , as is shown by the resolution on Ukraine – jointly agreed by all groups .
When we see that only Germans are accepted into the public sector - I was in the public sector myself for 30 years - and that many <unk> apply to <unk> , that there are no permanent residence permits , and so on , then I think we still have a very long way to go .
So it is time to start listening to us .
It is a project that the governments of the Union countries have a duty to support , not just at the Vienna summit but also at the forthcoming European elections in June 1999 .
That is why our Group believes that before we rush <unk> into yet more trade rounds in Seattle we first need a comprehensive impact assessment of the social and environmental effects of the liberalisation that has already taken place as a result of the last Uruguay Round of trade negotiations .
The Commission cannot accept amendments 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 9 , 12 , 13 , 15 , 17 , 22 , 23 , 24 , 25 , 27 , 28 , 29 , 30 , 31 , 32 , 33 , 35 , 37 , 38 , 42 , 43 , 44 , 45 , 46 , 47 , 48 , 49 , 51 , 52 , 54 , 55 , 56 , 57 , 58 , 66 , 69 , 70 , 71 , 75 , 77 , 80 , 82 , 84 , 85 , 86 , 90 , 91 , 92 , 93 , 94 , 95 , 96 , 98 , 99 , 100 , 106 , 109 , 110 , <unk> , 112 , 113 , 114 , 118 , 129 , <unk> , <unk> , 134 , 135 , <unk> , 137 , 138 , 143 , 150 , 151 , 152 , <unk> , 154 , <unk> , 156 , 160 , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , 169 , 170 , <unk> , 174 , 177 , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , 189 , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , 230 , <unk> , 232 , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , 238 , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , 250 , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , 266 , 267 , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , 272 , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , 280 , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , 350 and <unk> .
Ladies and gentlemen , you have asked me about timetables .
I hope that the Commission will press the <unk> to make up its mind at a very early date .
Thank you for your attention .
Therefore we must make it clear that the regulation is binding .
The 2007 Annual Policy Strategy succeeds in putting flesh on the bones of the Hampton Court proposals , which could help make Europe the most dynamic and competitive economy in the world , if Member States would only move beyond the <unk> <unk> up at the annual Lisbon Spring Council .
Article <unk> ( 5 ) of the Amsterdam Treaty states that : &apos; The European Parliament shall , after seeking an opinion from the Commission and with the approval of the Council acting unanimously , lay down the regulations and general conditions governing the performance of the duties of its Members &apos; .
Here too , we are seeking a solution acceptable both to the East Timorese and to the two conflicting parties .
I hope that you will all agree that this is important progress .
Can the Council confirm that at that meeting it reaffirmed that this trial is contrary to the human rights clause in that agreement ?
The findings of brain research show that a large number of skills and <unk> are established during the first six years of human life .
That will , everybody anticipates , involve a year of negotiations on the detail of amendments to the Staff Regulations and the pay and pensions package , which will take nearly the whole of 2002 .
The measures proposed by the Commission , namely the adoption of legislative provisions that are binding on both Community and third-country air carriers , and the setting of minimum insurance requirements regarding liability towards passengers , <unk> , <unk> , mail and third parties , will be enhanced by the rapporteur ’ s positive contribution .
Colombia is considered a priority for resource allocation within the budget line &quot; <unk> and human rights in Latin America &apos; .
The reason why Doha was a success was , in the main , related to preparation .
I would like to join him in <unk> the fact that this Treaty will not only extend , but will also reform and simplify the mechanisms of the codecision procedure , so that the European Parliament will be a true co-legislator one day .
Brazil has raised its interest rates to 50 % .
Or could we be <unk> ourselves ?
We spend much time and effort making sure that the product that we produce is completely free from any contamination and this is the way that conventional and traditional seeds are grown .
Amendments Nos <unk> , <unk> , 80 , <unk> , 82 , 83 , 85 , and 86 concerning increased transparency on remedies .
Without prejudice to the future of the Community institutions , this text provides a particularly interesting basis for an excellent debate and , moreover , is proof of the maturity of this House , if indeed that still needed to be demonstrated .
It really is of major importance to prevent fraud in connection with certificates of <unk> and several MEPs have already stressed this need in connection with this issue .
Thank you for your cooperation .
Whether it be for terrorism or crime in general , respect for the rule of law involves the presumption of innocence , the right to a fair and just trial , respect for the rights of the defendant and , if a prison sentence is handed down , respect for the rights of the <unk> .
If , however , the pace of implementation is improved and if , at a time when enlargement is making major new claims upon our resources , we are to honour the huge amount of payments that have been accumulating ahead of us , we shall instead be in danger , in future years , of <unk> major problems in keeping to the budget .
If we add to this the fact that the European textile and clothing industry is concentrated in certain regions , with a predominantly female labour force , you will realise the gravity of the situation , and the urgent need for decisive action on the part of public administrations at all levels if the sector is to be successful in meeting the challenges it now faces .
We need to know what are the revenue implications for states .
We regularly suffer delays , we lose our luggage and we have suffered all kinds of <unk> or trade union strikes .
With these words , Mr President , I would like to thank you once again for your very <unk> treatment .
In recent years , many projects have been implemented <unk> , they have dragged on for an unreasonable long period , and some of them have even been abandoned .
We agree with the central concept of making it easier for some residents of third countries to enter the EU , but we wish to press for greater rigour in granting such facilities .
Mr President , this amendment seeks to protect citizens from <unk> <unk> which they have to pay for in the form of telephone charges .
This is extremely positive .
According to the text agreed by the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , Member States have five years to reach an initial level of 25 <unk> per <unk> ; they must then conform to the standard of 10 <unk> per <unk> within ten years , and not fifteen , as agreed by the Council .
Secondly , to explain what the European Union is doing to address climate change .
I note with regret that Parliament , out of a desire to limit the number of amendments , has accepted the Council &apos;s moves to weaken the proposal .
That , Mr President , is my <unk> programme .
That is the only way that control and protection mechanisms can have any effect .
The only way to guarantee the development of a true , competitive market , able to provide the best option in terms of price and quality , and to defend the interests of the European citizen in the best way possible is to enforce a strict ban on the refusal to negotiate demands .
This is not the time .
We are also working , in this matter , in close collaboration with Member States and the Council of Europe within a working group which has already met several times .
I also wonder how the immense possibilities for financial engineering will be taken into account , which will easily develop a way of getting round European agreement via third countries which are not committed .
It is therefore obvious that rules need to be tightened up .
Mr President , it is right that we should consider another aspect of this communication , namely the fact that the planned 18 % saving would also be a gigantic boost to the European economy .
Ukraine is not a small child , it is a thoroughly <unk> , important and adult country , and I believe that we can very well demand of this country that it should also behave like an adult .
I can give examples : there is agriculture , but there is also Agenda 2000 , which fails to meet these requirements .
We need strong institutions that are able to turn this feeling into coherent political action and not just into an appeal .
Last week the US <unk> Court started a case against the military <unk> , looking into the matter .
The need for this was acknowledged and reaffirmed by the Heads of State or Government at the Laeken European Council , who gave a new boost to the project of creating a training network .
That is what we mean by working for a better common neighbourhood .
The President-in-Office was here up to and following the speech made by Mr Marín , but perhaps you were unaware of this .
The issues relating to small and medium-sized businesses have also been mentioned ; I would like to confirm that we are not talking about generic declarations , that the informal meeting last weekend in <unk> , in Spain , is going to bring proposals to the Barcelona Council so that the countries make reductions in timetables , reductions in administrative costs and use new technologies intensively in order to achieve this , and that , furthermore , the Commission , before the end of the Spanish Presidency , will make a series of recommendations on certain issues which are essential to small and medium-sized businesses such as the transfer of ownership of family businesses , which over the next ten years may make up approximately 30 to 40 % of property transfers within European companies .
There would be a total of 140 employees involved in this new organisation , of which 51 would be in newly created posts .
It is based on the principle that public funds cannot be increased , which is a <unk> point .
The key issue now under debate is whether we should have a strict or a <unk> admission policy .
During our presidency , preparations for the move to the single currency have continued , both through the now tested procedures of macro-economic guidance and multilateral surveillance , and through deeper examination of the delicate issues involved in strengthening budgetary discipline during the third stage of monetary union and relations between the Euro and the currencies of Member States not in a position to participate in stage 3 on 1 January 1999 .
The negative effect on the readiness of foreign capitalists to invest is <unk> .
Madam President , Mr Grosch &apos;s report introduces wide-ranging issues covering all the social aspects of transport .
Instead , a complaint is voiced , most recently to the effect that the Irish people had voted wrongly , and it is also pointed out that there were not a great many people who voted and that those who did must have thought they were voting on something else .
What we have here is an appeal to the government conference .
For that , though , they need real information rather than just the one-sided propaganda <unk> the Constitution .
As you know , this consensus will also – we hope – be the subject of the European Council conclusions .
That is a good procedure .
I am , in fact , president of a <unk> of local , municipal authorities who are concerned about the noise issue .
But in <unk> terms at the level of the salmon industry consider the implications of Norway , a state outside the Union which produces a massive surplus for export - and has the potential to produce much more in the immediate future - and floods our market to such an extent that the anti-dumping case when it is examined will hold .
We urgently need to recognise that the unfortunate decision of the Helsinki European Summit , which gave Turkey the same status as a candidate country as Poland or Hungary , for example , is not based on any geographical , historical , cultural or legal grounds .
I look forward to working with him .
<unk> a general rule , compromise amendments shall be tabled by political groups , the chairmen , rapporteurs or draftsmen of the committees concerned or the authors of other amendments ... as a general rule , compromise amendments shall entail the withdrawal of other amendments to the same passage &apos; , which is the case here .
That will be the first step , after which attempts will be made to achieve respect for the law , which will be the second step , and then , economic development will bring more stability , all of which will bring about the features of civil society we expect .
Finance and <unk> should go hand in hand .
No exceptions can be allowed .
Only then can prevention be genuinely implemented and I hope that it will work accordingly .
I would like to thank the Members who took part in the vote .
As the author is not present , Questions No 8 lapses .
Within this framework it would be possible to coordinate efficiently the allocation of funds from the different programmes in such a way that they complement each other and take a variety of different groups into account .
It must be said that the cooperation between these two neighbouring towns is much closer and more significant in terms of results than that elsewhere .
The way is being <unk> for the invasion by companies of education and research , which will lead to the full privatisation of education and to a drastic deterioration in the level of education of workers , in a bid to <unk> education and diplomas from work and strengthen the <unk> state and control their <unk> .
I have received six motions for resolutions , tabled pursuant to Rule 37 ( 2 ) , on the agenda .
Taiwan &apos;s children cannot benefit form the services of <unk> .
These factors would also reduce the costs involved in implementing the directive in the Member States .
<unk> research and the associated production of biotechnological preparations has for too long been concentrated on the United States and Japan , to the detriment of European patients and the European industry , which has had difficulty in developing a commercial sector in this field .
Certain actions are administrative and do not require scientific expertise .
We have hope for the future and we do also see the good side , such as your commitment to the foreign , security and defence policy and the increase in Commission posts .
However , the present draft fails to differentiate between cigarettes and other tobacco products such as <unk> and fine cut tobacco , <unk> , <unk> , mouth and <unk> tobacco , as well as the traditional European <unk> .
It is therefore time for us to ask what has changed in the meantime .
Mr President , I should like to speak to say something to Mr Bertens .
The dumping duties that I am recommending will ensure that retailers with goods in transit are not suddenly faced with unexpected costs at the border .
<unk> report ( <unk> / 2001 ) How far have we come from the two hundred and fifty different rules affecting the tourism sector ?
Can the European Council produce any economic data which proves that the introduction of harmonised corporate taxes will help to improve the competitive position of all the Member States within the European Union ?
We must strike a balance between immigrants living in the European area legally and our societies .
Mr President , for our part , we refuse to be taken in in the ways mentioned by our fellow Member .
Although I believe that harmonised EU legislation plays an important role in facilitating the fight against crime , from the point of view of legal rights I am forced to abstain on this matter .
Mr Wynn is right : we are wasting our time .
We should be engaged in a common effort to make sure that world &apos;s largest trading group also makes its presence felt politically .
Subject : The impact of the crisis in Russia on the country &apos;s energy production and nuclear safety If we do not identify who is fulfilling their duties to the greatest and the least extent , we will not be serving our electorate nor defending democracy with democracy .
That is why we opted for the two-stage procedure that has already proven its worth in the past .
But I am not here to offer praise .
We share a common fate in our region when it comes to security in the region and numerous other issues , such as the economy and political cooperation and , as we have announced repeatedly , we are committed to resolving the Middle East conflict .
On the one hand he proposes a range of administrative measures , on the other a range of financial measures .
The Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , having been asked to give its opinion on this subject , did not wish to focus on aspects which fell within the remits of other committees .
Finally , Madam President , please allow me to address the Members , particularly from the Liberal Group , because on this occasion it so happens that Mr Verhofstadt is a liberal Prime Minister of a coalition government and the most recent friends of President Prodi , at least the Italian ones , sit within the Liberal Group .
I would much prefer to be proud of good results than ashamed of bad ones , and for this reason I wish the <unk> greater unity and Mr van <unk> - of whose <unk> I am completely confident - every success and a good deal of strength .
Of course , the directive lays down principles , gives specific instructions , brings into line and also <unk> legislation within the Member States on what has to be an essential goal - safety .
The question is what we mean by a <unk> strategy &apos; ?
I have this list which includes members of the Danish parliament .
Many people felt that this regulation should be passed as quickly as possible , which has meant Parliament having to distance itself from many of its proposed amendments .
As you know , aside from the question of resources , we still need to specify important points on which the Commission has fully exercised its influence : more flexibility and <unk> of our resources , the creation of a Globalisation <unk> Fund and the prospect of a revision clause .
I know that the Turkish authorities are greatly saddened by recent events .
These are all countries with which we have opened negotiations , with the exception of Bulgaria and Romania , where though , I must openly say , there has also been significant progress .
Thank you very much , Commissioner Nielson .
With the reorganisation of the policy we have a new situation .
Where rail transport is still a public service , it must remain so .
This committee should have made it very clear that this should not be repeated , that we cannot get away with pollution and that not everything can be resolved through commercial relations and political <unk> .
If anything , the number of states that have nuclear weapons appears to be growing , and that is setting a bad example to other countries and at the same time , as the Commissioner already said , there is a real and evident risk of terrorists getting hold of weapons of mass destruction or nuclear material .
My second question , if there is no such exemption , is whether it is the Union &apos;s authorities who ultimately decide which type of identity documentation is acceptable .
Only by cleaning house and starting <unk> on the basis of real respect for the rule of law can we convince our citizens that we are not sacrificing our principles .
Mr Pasty , since you are so keen on the Rules , may I point out that you are allowed to make a point of order for one minute .
Those of us who really care know the great difficulties of this subject .
Of all workers in the EU , 8 % say that they themselves have been affected by harassment .
I fear that a crisis is looming .
In such cases , the precautionary principle must be applied , and this is also something actually laid down in the Treaty .
Let us all take the BSE crisis as a warning for the future !
In fact we are in the rather curious position that many of those who have made representations to us seem to believe that there is absolutely no need to alter the <unk> / <unk> programme in any respect whatsoever .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 98 ) by Mr Gasòliba i Böhm , on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy , on the proposal for a Council Regulation on short-term statistics ( COM ( 97 ) <unk> - <unk> / <unk> / <unk> ( CNS ) ) There is therefore no use in confining <unk> to words and hopes .
The Commission is a member of that , Member States are involved .
We shall end up once again without a new regulation .
It took a long time before there was some competition on some routes , to the advantage of the consumer .
Is it the case that these countries can <unk> of what is termed in English <unk> governance &apos; ?
In relation to the institutional care of adults with handicaps , I visited an institution where 450 people were living in awful conditions , unacceptable to us here in the European Union .
Mr President , I have submitted a similar question , Question No 20 .
But the reality is that both the Commission and the Council are <unk> .
Where a girl is a liability and a burden on the family only a determined shift in attitudes and the commencement of education opportunities will ensure there is any change .
Mr President , on the agenda for discussion is next year &apos;s European Parliament budget , which will do little to ease the unemployment problem in Europe .
The results are not perfect , but despite the inadequate budgets and the <unk> <unk> reform of the common agricultural policy , and the continuing injustices and imbalances that it <unk> , we have nevertheless avoided a serious crisis in the European Union and it is fair to say that over the next few years the European Union will forge ahead with confidence and stability .
No new conditions for enlargement should be imposed .
Madam President , I wanted to raise something on Tuesday &apos;s agenda - not to change the agenda but to ask for clarification from you .
This situation , together with the imminent enlargement towards countries of central and eastern Europe , places increased responsibilities on the European Union , which impose a new way of dealing with social and structural policies in the future .
These fields were not chosen at random , but because they vary in the way in which they use computers .
I believe investors should continue if they wish to be able to take their own decisions about their investments .
I do think that the constitution has to give everyone who possesses a right , the additional right to approach the <unk> in Luxembourg , a right that <unk> million Europeans are meant to be given by the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
That is where we need to take strong action , and even though we welcome the trend towards falling unemployment in Europe , it is essential that we now implement the proposals made in Luxembourg in November 1997 , at the summit on employment , which set as a major priority that no young person must remain out of work for more than six months and no adult for more than a year .
Commissioner , my precise reason for asking this question is my wish to see women become the subject and the main object of the new employment policies .
Yet how can we prevent disease in a society <unk> by unemployment and poverty , in which we are witnessing the <unk> of diseases that we thought had been <unk> , like tuberculosis ?
As to specific issues in the document before us , I believe it is worth mentioning the new approach to protective principles .
In this respect , a Joint Declaration should be read by France &apos; s representative , on behalf of the Presidency , on the meetings in support of the peace process scheduled to be held in Bogotá on 24 October 2000 , which should , in particular , stress the need to support the rule of law and the fight against the causes of violence , to boost aid for the victims of violence , to defend human rights , protect biodiversity and the environment , and step up consultation and regional cooperation .
Commissioner , you have been determined to unify sky , land and sea and in the end you are going to manage it .
The majority of this House was convinced that strategic telecommunications controls could be a useful instrument for intelligence services , provided that legal safeguards and a proper system of checks and balances were in place .
The Council had to appeal to the Court in Luxembourg .
This prevented several thousand <unk> .
In each specific matter and in each small step that we must take , however , the solution advocating uniformity is always put forward as the most rational .
This cooperation , which was previously intergovernmental – it was actually a government action – has now developed into an interinstitutional matter .
Mr President , first of all warm thanks to the rapporteur Michael Cashman and to all those who have contributed to this report .
In particular , I must emphasise how important it is that all the citizens in Romania , elderly pensioners as well as the young , should strive alongside the governments to make tangible progress for the sake of their collective well-being , instead of confining themselves to making plenty of promises that are followed by few tangible results , as many governments in Europe and throughout the world do .
In principle , they have to comply with <unk> standards just as other farmers have to do .
The Commission should then submit a report , before 1 January 2008 , on the use of these substances , together with a proposal on further use .
We are , then , for the time being , at the end of a long , long road , a road marked by the determination to put an end to the division of Europe once and for all .
I also hope that the success of this network and of this important initiative will not be <unk> by procedural disputes .
In paragraph 11 of the Oostlander report , it is suggested that serious work be done on constitutional matters .
Can you assure us that there will not be a preventative war against any State you care to mention , particularly those which , in their elections , do not ratify the policy adopted by the other Member States of the Union ?
That is the attitude we must adopt in this difficult exercise constituted by the annual discharge .
The mobilisation of a full and experienced team on the ground less than four weeks after an informal decision by European Union foreign ministers is a tribute to the enormous efforts of everyone concerned .
As the rapporteur states , ‘ the Eurostat case has laid <unk> a number of weaknesses in the Office ’ s investigative activities ’ , in particular the fact that the investigation has been dragging on for years and that the rules to protect those being investigated have not been complied with .
The first of these is whether the proposal can achieve its aims .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I too should like to acknowledge a number of <unk> points in the report .
Mr President , in the course of International Women ’ s Day on 8 March in Istanbul , there was a violent demonstration in which the police used force to <unk> the women .
The outcome document acknowledges the link between gender equality and greater prosperity .
I shall therefore confine myself to putting a question to the Commission - a request for clarification in relation to the fact that in recent days and weeks the violence has become directed towards the humanitarian organizations present in Burundi .
Now , the conditions are right for our best intentions to be realised .
The system according to which research measures are carried out ought to be simple , <unk> and based on the principle of competitiveness , which will ensure it is effective and encourage investment by the private sector .
These are the only genuine guarantees of citizens &apos; freedom of conscience and quite simply of their freedom .
This is a situation that should be taken into account when the <unk> programme starts in January 2005 .
The debate is closed .
I am grateful to the honourable Member for his question .
To do so , the European Union needs to reinforce its identity , and respond rapidly and unanimously to events .
I voted in favour of the report by Mr <unk> ( <unk> / 2004 ) on the proposal for a Council regulation amending Council Regulation ( EC ) No <unk> / 2000 on the European Agency for Reconstruction .
We talk a good deal about conflict prevention and crisis management .
For that reason the time has come for this Parliament to consider whether or not it can <unk> direct access to Strasbourg .
In contrast with the first reading when we accepted all Parliament &apos;s amendments , I find myself in the unusual position of not being able to accept any of the amendments put by Parliament on this occasion , mainly I have to say because the proposals in the amendments from Mr van der <unk> and his colleagues are already covered in the proposals .
While I do not want to <unk> tomorrow &apos;s debate on the d &apos;Ancona report , to which reference has already been made , I cannot leave aside the issue of drugs on behalf of my group , because we feel very strongly that the drug trade is at the heart of organized crime .
Moreover , it will make the situation very difficult for the NGOs , which are currently cooperating with <unk> .
There is no dispute about the opportunities that biotechnology offers , and we must take advantage of them , and we must also be aware of our responsibilities as legislators in this field .
Does he not think there is some hypocrisy here in talking about a flexible labour market while politicians are going around the world saying no-one will have a job for life and that people will have to adapt and have several careers ?
This chance is now already small enough , particularly in those countries which will not be permitted to join the single currency .
The Union cannot impose its policy on anyone , but it is ready to convince its neighbours of the benefits of the <unk> .
The decision and the reaction of all Member States was to make compulsory labelling begin from the year 2000 , and to have voluntary labelling for the moment , provided that it is possible to trace this meat .
At this point in time , the claims of the <unk> community basically relate to the problem of restoring monasteries and the official teaching of <unk> and the problem connected with the free movement of citizens from this ethnic group who live outside Turkey .
There is humanitarian aid ; there is a presence , but it is only relative .
We have in fact attempted - perhaps not to the extent desired by Mr <unk> , given his kind words - to bring order to this area , accelerate matters and lend greater transparency to the practices followed under the infringement procedure .
In matters of consumer protection , we as a Parliament are right behind the Commission !
Mr President , of course this resolution speaks for itself .
From this very comprehensive committee report I would like to pick up only a few points of particular importance to my group .
You must confront the new threats resulting from organised crime , whose <unk> stretch throughout and beyond the European Union , and you have instruments for doing so , such as the European arrest warrant and Europol .
With this I believe we can all agree .
<unk> has nowadays become more <unk> , so I believe that the <unk> force proposed in the report is an extremely commendable idea .
To this day , corruption is an enormous problem right up to the highest political level .
He has made it clear that in the past this intervention system led to great disparities and injustices among producers , countries and regions , and that it had a destructive effect on jobs and the quality of food .
We have also heard from some of those who are responsible for regulation .
What that means is that they want a peaceful solution , and that is what we too are working towards .
We , therefore , have a moral obligation to work to achieve maximum safety and put the necessary pressure to bring about harmonization upwards .
This works to the disadvantage of consumers – an issue that I know is at the core of your remit , Mr Byrne .
In the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy , we devoted ourselves to <unk> out compromises , and it is evident to us from looking at the compromise package negotiated by Mr <unk> and Mr Nassauer that they and we have in fact been thinking along similar lines .
I believe that the report as it stands now is basically sound .
When the Heads of State and Government meet , the President of Parliament must be present ; when the foreign ministers act , our parliamentary representatives should be there and not be as it were <unk> to the level of <unk> .
The conciliation procedure has thus very quickly led to a result which all the institutions can support .
What we are dealing with here is a clear example of such damaging fiscal competition , which the directive aims to eliminate .
Economic development in these countries appears to have been set back years , perhaps decades .
Applause If I have to leave before the end of the discussion it is not for lack of appreciation of the importance of what we are discussing - I believe this issue is going to dominate the international agenda for the next few months - but because I have to attend an important meeting before the EU-Russia Summit with the <unk> of the Russian Federation to discuss the modalities for beginning discussions on a common European economic area .
Ladies and gentlemen , allow me to express my great appreciation for the debate that has just taken place , as it relates to matters of exceptional importance .
Over 2000 houses have been <unk> in these past 2 years and 20 000 people have been wounded .
Do we adopt a family and ask the <unk> people in <unk> , <unk> or <unk> to look after these people over the six-month period and help them with <unk> , <unk> cards and provide them with food so that we do not allow them to <unk> and die on mountain <unk> ?
The protection of our planet is in the hands of the grass-roots movement .
When we are looking at public services in the developing world , we must also focus on the eradication of poverty as a top priority of our reform of public services and state enterprises .
Many such jobs are of low value and cannot be <unk> indefinitely .
Finally , I would make the point that it is a mistake for the Commission to propose that we remove the five-year renewal requirement for marketing authorisation .
With <unk> biofuels , we need an honest life cycle analysis , which would be undertaken by an independent , impartial agency .
I should therefore like to ask you what you will do to bring about the immediate release of the members of parliament detained and of the trade <unk> who are still in <unk> .
I was not able to support the resolution on the result of the European Council ( Brussels 16 – 17 June 2005 ) as a result of its excessive <unk> and use of general <unk> .
On 17 December , the European Council should lay down with <unk> clarity that the decisive criteria will be not only Turkey ’ s readiness for membership but also the capacity of the Union to accommodate Turkey and preservation of the momentum of the European integration process .
How can judicial errors be rectified once the death penalty has been carried out ?
<unk> have to resume , and the parties must honour their international obligations .
Turkey must , as a matter of urgency , invest in combating illiteracy among women and educating them more effectively , and NGOs offering those female victims shelter must be given strong <unk> .
To win in the world we have to make the process of change a way of life .
– Mr President , Commissioner , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , every year , we have this human rights debate immediately before the UN Commission on Human Rights meets in Geneva , and every year we are able , in fact , wholeheartedly to endorse what the Commission and the Council have to say .
Today we see the second reading of Mrs Bloch von Blottnitz &apos;s report , which ensures the practical and concrete implementation of quantifiable actions .
<unk> anomalies and misunderstandings would thus be overcome , creating a social climate of harmony , freedom , tolerance and respect on which it will be possible to consolidate the democratic values of political coexistence .
And now to the European Parliament .
Finally , a couple of words about the music and entertainment sectors .
We would , however , urge the Commission to remain vigilant and to introduce appropriate measures to prevent the annual drop in producers &apos; incomes .
The Council has therefore decided to anticipate the storage of biometric identifiers in the central part of the visa information system and to consider , at a later stage , whether the additional storage of biometric identifiers and the visa <unk> or an additional separate <unk> card would be necessary .
I agree with Mrs <unk> and others that the applicant countries must be more closely involved .
Because my region is seriously disadvantaged in educational terms and because our infrastructure is not yet up to the task , there is a huge way to go for us in order to be able to benefit from it enormously .
The entry into force of the treaties and their final form is , however , in addition to this recommendation , dependent on implementation by the parties themselves .
Indeed – the implementation of what has been resolved upon rather than announcements , and a move from enlargement to integration .
<unk> had seemed a good opportunity to consolidate decisions on implementation of the Kyoto Protocol taken earlier at Bonn and <unk> .
On the other hand , we could accept Amendments Nos 10 and 59 , which state that investment aid to large <unk> plants would only be possible in the event that they contribute to improving the environment .
They want them dealt with as much as anybody else .
The stabilisation efforts with a view to participation in Monetary Union and the improvement in the main macroeconomic indicators have contributed to reducing the ratio of debt , although at a very slow rate .
How much longer will they refuse to distinguish between <unk> and victim , when it is as clear as day that the cause of the violence is the Israeli occupation ?
We are here to legislate on behalf of the European Union , on behalf of what I believe there is , namely society .
When discussing preferential arrangements , account must be taken of all the aspects involved : trade policy , development aid , public funds , customs rules , industrial interests , importers &apos; <unk> , etc .
<unk> relations should carry the price of full subscription to modern European values , and at the very least we must continue to be critical and frank .
I must stress that this industry has made considerable efforts to adapt .
We demand , and rightly , of Hamas that it should recognise Israel within the 1967 borders , but then we must also demand that Israel should accept those borders as well , or we can tell them , from the outset , to sit down and talk among themselves , taking as their starting point the relevant UN resolution , after which we can talk about corrections and so on .
Consumers must actively participate in the sorting of this packaging waste on the basis of symbols , which are already well-known , indicating the nature of the packaging material .
We thus acquire one of the most effective instruments in the expansion of democracy and the spreading of European values .
Even more so , it is through the development of relationships of mutual , equal and profitable cooperation with third countries .
This is why it is useful for the European Union to continue to support the Member States and , if necessary , give additional support under URBAN .
The CAP and other instruments available to the Union should now be mobilised to protect the interests of our farmers and food producers .
Technology , as I cannot emphasise too often , is the key to economic growth , competitiveness and employment - in short , Europe &apos;s prosperity .
As intended by the Treaties and the will of the people , the Commission is the driving force of European construction which is like a rock of <unk> which we have to push back up to the summit again together after each round of enlargement .
Mr President , I wish to start by twice expressing my thanks : first to our rapporteur , <unk> <unk> , for her work on this report , which reveals her considerable efforts to try to <unk> and extend the scope of these directives .
Mr President , the Council should realise that it is heading for a great <unk> if it carries on as in its complex package of 27 December , making legal definitions of who is a terrorist without any democratic scrutiny .
In addition , the Communication highlights the need to counteract racist propaganda targeted at young people .
The debate is closed .
It will also need to be taken into account when the future set-aside rate and the options for rural development measures are discussed .
The text for a regulation now adopted by the Conciliation Committee will encourage the continued development of alternative technologies and the adoption of existing technologies , nevertheless making possible sustainable operational models to achieve the objective .
But perhaps the most important and most immediate of all these reports is that on late payments of debt .
We have already sharply criticised the ECB for not being sufficiently democratic and for having disproportionate powers which are not subject to political control , in the name of unrestricted independence , and our criticisms and concerns can only be exacerbated by this power to regulate and impose sanctions .
Here I have some real questions .
He is a perfect example of one of the many <unk> MEPs who have joined this Parliament following enlargement .
The new environment being created , with the uncontrolled entry into the market of private capital and the <unk> level of services provided , have caused a drop in safety standards , which cost companies money .
Mr President , the Council &apos;s position on this issue is clear .
.
Here we have seen the <unk> of the <unk> Office failing to make anything like an effective use of the structural funds .
Mrs Schörling , I fully understand your concern , and I can assure you that the Council takes this seriously .
A corresponding WTO code of conduct for <unk> firms would thus be worth advocating .
That is why we are in favour of Mr Bourlanges &apos;s proposal to divide this into two parts rather than having it in a single budget , in order to distinguish between growth and the burden of the past that we have to deal with .
The overview is useful and a contribution to more transparency in the field of energy .
Nevertheless , the important thing is that Members of the House should be able to follow these proceedings , they are the important people here and I just hope the general public is never asked to understand what is going on .
We both know exactly what the truth is .
The Commission welcomes the motion for a resolution by the European Parliament , which would underline the need for full respect for democracy and the rule of law and would add a further very important EU voice to the calls for dialogue .
Our position must therefore be consistent and well founded .
The President-in-Office spoke very passionately this morning about her concerns but , as Mr De Rossa has rightly pointed out , these concerns were no surprise to a great many of us .
If <unk> David represented a break in the trust between the two parties , the situation of the early days of January this year have lead to huge further increase in that distrust .
Firstly , investor protection .
( Applause ) This crystal-clear joint resolution asks the Council and the Commission to take concrete steps against the criminal policy of the Mugabe regime .
Reconciliation with yesterday &apos; s enemies , the unification of different countries by peaceful means , these are a political innovation that can set an example to third countries .
Nevertheless , it appears to be more of a safeguard rather than a tool of economic policy .
<unk> is an extremely dangerous material and I cannot understand why a government that did not inform Euratom about this incident at the right time , although it should have done so , and then actually <unk> it had informed Euratom , should not be asked by the Commission : &apos; What did you do about it ?
After the resignation of the Santer Commission and the <unk> affair , people thought the Commission had learnt the meaning of democratic openness and had stopped using authoritarian methods to <unk> its employees past and present .
Indeed , it was fuelled by the potential of this tax to generate income for international , public programmes at a time when demand for such funds was rising quickly and funding was increasingly harder to come by .
Mrs Sanders-ten Holte , Commissioner Reding and the Council all deserve the credit for this .
Allow me , in concluding this speech and my time in Parliament , to thank Commissioner Vitorino , <unk> aside .
The fact that the Convention succeeded in drawing up a constitutional text that was also widely supported by this Parliament shows that political and geographical differences are not an insurmountable obstacle .
There could be great confusion if the Schengen Agreement is incorporated into EU law before these agreements have been ratified by the respective parliaments .
- the report ( <unk> / 2006 ) by Mr Cashman , on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , with recommendations to the Commission on access to the institutions ’ documents ( 2004 / <unk> ( INI ) .
Very little has been written up to now about the substantive benefits of the Directive , which simplifies administrative cooperation , and establishes single point of contact or a standard form available in electronic format .
We are also pleased that , according to news reports from two weeks ago , an agreement has been reached to renew the aforementioned agreement between the Community and Equatorial Guinea for three years .
I should like to thank the rapporteurs and to tell the rapporteur , Mr Bourlanges , that the Commission has accepted all Parliament &apos;s proposed amendments , even where , for example in the case of Montenegro , the remaining margin is extremely tight , but that means we must be economical and that is what we intend to be .
Today , I must confess – and it pains me to say this – the day after the Council of Ministers finally adopted a directive defining the concept of refugee , aligning systems of subsidiary protection and recognising that <unk> agents can be agents of persecution , in which case refugee status can also be granted ; we welcome this directive , which contains excellent proposals in the area of international protection and is a major step forward in defining a European concept of asylum .
But , in our opinion , this reports places exactly the same incorrect demands as <unk> s report on the removal of personal controls at internal borders .
This is all the more urgent in that the demands made by Parliament to the effect that EMS II should be structured so that the burden of adaptation is distributed <unk> and <unk> are likely to remain <unk> .
The European Union and the Member States must encourage its neighbours on the southern shores of the Mediterranean to rise successfully to these challenges .
( Applause ) In the previous debate Mrs Wemheuer said that nobody <unk> <unk> .
At the same time , the opposing positions and <unk> within this world imperialist system cause difficulties and delays which the popular movement can turn to its advantage .
Human health , both physical and mental , is directly related to the environment we live in .
Indeed , I have documents showing this to be the case as far back as 1981 .
The content of the programme may also be called into question .
Until now , the December Council has decided on TACs and quotas from one year to the next and year after year scientific recommendations have been watered down by compromise .
Freedom , certainly , for those who are listening to us on the Echelon system .
The Commission has set a final deadline of the end of 2001 for the funds to be spent .
The criminal conviction of opposition figures such as <unk> <unk> is further evidence of this .
We have long been calling on the Commission - and we are doing so again today - to coordinate its policies , over and above the various directorates-general and the portfolios of the individual Commissioners .
<unk> born today will probably live to be 100 years old !
If I may briefly <unk> what I said earlier in my statement , we have already announced , for the 50 000 tonnes , an increase in carcass weights from <unk> to <unk> <unk> , and for the remaining quantity the weight limit has been removed entirely - in other words , there is at present no carcass weight limit here at all .
.
The Commission has traditionally worked closely with the <unk> and it is further enhancing our collaboration .
The <unk> have killed a Basque ; the Spanish have killed a <unk> ; Europeans have killed a European .
It is worth recalling that EU Member States , as OSCE members , pay about 67 % of OSCE &apos;s budget .
It is true that a proposal was put forward in Dublin on a new chapter on employment but I think that we need to put more flesh on the bones on the proposal from Dublin .
<unk> two : the fact that Mrs <unk> , <unk> by a <unk> <unk> against <unk> &apos; , succeeded on no fewer than five successive occasions in preventing a completely justified departure by <unk> and fighting and more , simply means that the asylum policy is much too <unk> , and certainly not the opposite .
We express our solidarity with the people of Belarus and we hope that it will continue to move forward , ignoring foreign threats and interventions by the imperialist USA , <unk> and <unk> <unk>
We are particularly concerned that state aid discipline should not be weakened , and therefore the Commission does not really like the first amendment and hopes that it will not be accepted by Parliament .
We feel that action in this area is highly fragmented - at best <unk> .
Nonetheless , it is imperative to overcome the stalemate the Development Round finds itself in following Cancún .
<unk> carriers will also have an opportunity to grow if they follow an innovative business model .
That is why we want to hold on to this Statute as it stands .
.
Its President ’ s frankness only serves to show in <unk> relief the truth hidden from Europe by its governments .
Further isolation of Belarus and <unk> of the region must be avoided .
We are aware that it will still fall well short of what is required to satisfy demand and the interest aroused by this programme , yet we voted in favour of the report , as it improves considerably on the Commission ’ s proposal .
Although I said <unk> a majority &apos; , they were in fact adopted unanimously with one abstention , and that abstention was mine .
This is an extremely significant report , because it makes clear from the parliamentary perspective the priorities we still wish to pursue in implementing the <unk> of the old action plan on company law in this legislative term and shows how far we intend to push the Commission to present concrete proposals in the course of the present term .
I believe there is broad agreement about these principles , as the debate has shown .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , before assessing the reports , please allow me , as a European and as a Galician , to convey to you my great concern over the worst marine disaster that Europe has ever known .
I am not opposed to that , of course , but I believe that favouring dialogue with the USA is also likely to <unk> on us when , at a later date , we have to discuss matters with developing countries , particularly ACP countries .
It is clear that this <unk> promise fuels a permanent sense of uncertainty with regard to taxation , <unk> consumers and , above all , the professionals of the sectors concerned .
How long do we need to wait before we get a directive which covers excluded sectors and improves the current directive ?
As you will recall , in its amended proposal the Commission accepted in full or in part 31 of the 47 amendments that were tabled by the European Parliament .
My last point , which was stressed by the Council of Europe in its recommendation published in May 2000 , is that the argument of consent was not relevant .
This reality is reflected in the concerted assault by neo-liberal policies , of which media domination is one weapon .
As you are aware , a special court has been established for war crimes as well and we expect that it too will soon try cases referred or to be referred to the national judiciary by the Hague Tribunal .
Indeed , this is a historic moment : the completion of the Lamfalussy process for the first time by this House .
This has to do with the European employment strategy , in particular with the proposals for guidelines and recommendations relating to it .
This matter <unk> on a vital point , namely that we are changing the procedures governing our support .
<unk> of a modern slave trade with fatal consequences for those involved spring clearly and inevitably to mind .
So I welcome this legislation and consider it important that industry in my country and perhaps countries elsewhere should recognise that if it does not seize the opportunity to modernise its processes and live up to the high environmental standards then it will lose out on market opportunities across Europe .
There is the Dutch system , there is the German system , the French system - I do not want to lay down any rules .
The motivation behind Parliament &apos;s demands is carbon dioxide emissions .
Indeed , the need for monitoring is also set out .
Everyone knows that this will be extremely costly , both for the dismantling of the installations and for the provision of alternative energy supplies .
We send out the same appeal to the Council as well , and in this regard I am rather more forceful than Mr Swoboda .
I believe it is the role of education in terms of the <unk> of the individual and his or her participation in a democratic , socially just and tolerant society that is crucial to the definition of a high quality education .
That is what should be the focus of our attention .
The Council and the Commission share these concerns and rightly insist on the importance of confirming a strategy for a knowledge-based economy .
We have the unusual situation in the Agriculture Committee that in many areas no decisions were made at all , that is , that there was no position of any kind , except that of rejecting the Commission &apos;s position .
The directive was to spend the next eleven years on a shelf at the Council of Ministers .
This clearly depends on the results of the accession negotiations .
The matter of the possible lifting of the embargo has , in recent months , been discussed in the European Union but consensus has not been reached on whether this revision is appropriate .
Because , whereas security is the central point of his policy , it is also clear that security for the Israeli people can only be achieved in this one way , begun in Washington and Oslo .
<unk> countries must be able to make progress in the international sense in recognition of <unk> , in new training technology , and in the transparency of standards .
I will also work to this end in the context of discussions on the financial perspective and in the budget debates for forthcoming periods .
According to the minister , the Schengen Convention is a separate , independent agreement under international law .
This is a matter that <unk> frontiers and therefore it should have an international solution , possibly through a common effort by the United Nations and the European Union .
We are currently working on the preparation of this document .
If this is the case , I would urge the Commission , including you and the Commissioner for Trade , to make a far greater effort to ensure that some of the countries which really depend on exports to non-EU countries - and here I am thinking primarily of Denmark - will again be able to export to the United States , Japan , Russia and the many other countries which have stopped their imports from the EU , an action which is basically a technical trade barrier .
Question No 4 by ( <unk> / 01 ) : By that I mean to say - although I would not put money on it - that if we put an end to European nuclear industries , the United States and Japan which , unlike you , Commissioner , would not ask us any questions , would be there to replace us , whether in Europe or another continent .
It thus believes in the quantity theory of money .
The UN Commissioner for Refugees has already made several dramatic appeals to a number of Member States still applying these practices .
That also ties in with the basic idea of subsidiarity in Europe .
Contrary to what might sometimes be believed , we are not just engaged in <unk> meaningless laws .
Together , we have contributed to this first stage that is crucial for the political future of the Union ; we have <unk> its management to make it more transparent and therefore bring it closer to our citizens , so as to convince them more firmly that their only future lies in a stronger European Union .
Mr President , let us at least have the courage to enforce transparency upon Turkey when it comes to respect for human rights .
In the light of Ireland &apos;s national position and in tune with the wishes of my constituents , I must vote against this Charter of Fundamental Human Rights which , despite being a simple political statement at this time is , by all evidence , intended to be the preamble to a European Constitution which will take precedence over the constitution of my country and the will of the Irish people .
It is always a difficult business : people cannot praise themselves , but Mrs Theato is equally committed colleague in an area that I would not want to confine just to the text of the convention before us .
We were well placed because of our links with the ACP countries , although there was an issue over their waiver which <unk> the discussions , and because we have always worked well with NGOs .
You , Commissioner , are a young and beautiful woman , and , whilst you have no need of cosmetics , I need them urgently .
It might be the late hour , but I very much support what they have said here tonight .
Things in Somalia have now <unk> themselves .
The Commissioner made an interesting point .
It is regrettable that parts of the Berlin Wall , which has come down right across Europe , should remain on a border with the European Union .
Not only does this give a casual but powerful boost to the <unk> concept which the integration of Schengen into the Amsterdam Treaty is supposed to eliminate , but more importantly we see an intergovernmental model being introduced into what is the most far-reaching Community measure to date under the first pillar .
.
If , however , you compare this year &apos;s budget implementation figures with those from last year , you can see that there has been some acceleration .
I hope that we will have a very constructive conciliation , at least as constructive as the one we had over the legal bases , but hopefully not quite as long .
But it is our duty , as Members of the European Parliament , to debate these massive violations of human rights which are taking place in Russia and therefore in Europe , in Chechnya , for as long as they continue to be a reality .
<unk> also needs to be fought through preventive measures and all laws need to be enforced .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the great merit of Mrs Izquierdo Rojo &apos;s report is that it has <unk> another wide-ranging debate about the influence of religious fundamentalism on the <unk> of women .
But we need instruments to achieve that , and this point is addressed to you personally , Commissioner Solbes Mira : please work within the Commission to ensure that we finally get the directive under Article 13 , which relates to discrimination on grounds of gender , which will at last give us a significant instrument .
I believe the citizens of Europe understand that we in the European Parliament have begun to grow into our role as the taxpayers &apos; <unk> and the people &apos;s advocate .
We could then forget about the report on Argentina !
For me personally , today sees a wish come true , namely that our friends the Czech Republic , Poland and Hungary , who gave us in the <unk> the courage to change , will be able to join us and will be able to help us shape Europe .
It is now that the parties to the conflict must keep their word , for what is needed is the sort of action that builds trust , and that is not an empty concept .
Parliament has consistently opposed this practice of attempted legislation in secret .
Our political initiative , and that of the European Parliament , must strengthen this ability and force the Member States to transform their short-sightedness into the capacity to create a vision , to give political direction enabling recovery to take place , to make further progress in the field of a major supranational authority .
The presidency is fully aware of how closely Parliament is involved in taking the transatlantic relationship forward .
Some estimates have suggested that at least half of the hundreds of the Palestinians killed have been civilians .
Apparently those events have not allowed the normal conduct of democratic elections in the area and of course the Commission regrets this .
None of this is clear to me at the moment and , so far , I have not seen any European Union positions which <unk> me as to the stance which will be taken in Buenos Aires .
In the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens &apos; Rights Sir Leon Brittan <unk> the WTO talks to a <unk> game .
I and my colleagues met with the President of <unk> .
Therefore I simply wanted to let you know what Parliament has done in cooperation with the Council and the Commission in order to reduce that statistical load .
Secondly , strengthening the European Union &apos;s political and economic presence across the region .
Paragraph 23 <unk> a certain surprise that public expenditure in the Union amounts to around 50 % of GDP .
This issue has been <unk> around Parliament since <unk> and each year all kinds of problems surface which curtail Parliament &apos;s possibilities to exercise its powers .
There are three fundamental issues at stake at the moment .
There is a presidential election in the United States in two weeks &apos; time , and the next president may be George Bush , a person who has signed 145 people &apos; s execution warrants .
However , I feel that the balancing act undertaken by Mrs Schaffner deserves not only our respect , but also our support .
In the last ten years alone , the Community has <unk> nearly EUR 6 billion in agricultural aid from the Member States , who have , indeed paid up .
The services offered to visitors to Parliament do however operate relatively smoothly .
That is something which the Commission , particularly the internal market Commissioner , Mr Bolkestein , will be pleased to support .
I should like to say to the Spanish Presidency : show your bright , optimistic side .
There are reasons why one country prefers incineration and recycling and another country prefers landfill in order to reinforce the ground and , of course , our basic objective is always to try to prevent the creation of waste .
Purvis Report ( <unk> / 2001 ) Such a strategy for natural disasters is a core challenge .
Finally , as far as Serbia is concerned , I agree with the need and with the fact that Serbia &apos;s cooperation with the Tribunal in the Hague is its obligation , but this is one part of a set of criteria which Serbia needs to meet and I want to ask that we be careful not to <unk> &apos; the case of Serbia .
I would not wish to start with a list of the items I think should be removed .
European citizens must not be kept in ignorance of the fact that the dissemination of these communication technologies is going to destroy jobs as well as create them , and that at the very core of our societies , at macroeconomic as well as at <unk> level , it presents a challenge to the redistribution of working time and the redistribution of incomes .
However , I have considered it coherent to insert a threshold which , as in the agreement implementing the Schengen Convention , should be EUR 40 , and I would like to emphasise that conversion of the amount of the penalties would be the exception as the currency in the <unk> and the <unk> State would normally be the euro .
Thirdly , what happens if we give Saddam Hussein an <unk> and he defies it ?
You made it very clear , Mr Bourlanges , that such is not the case .
Agenda 2000 talks of the strengthening and enlargement of the Union , but it is not the Union which is to be strengthened , it is instead the citizens of Europe which are to be strengthened , and it is the ability of the citizens to decide over their own lives which shall be enlarged through Union cooperation .
It is necessary , therefore , in order to obtain better conditions of competition and with a view to completion of the internal market , that the Commission should look at the implementation and execution of the directives .
Needless to say , as rapporteur for the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , I am highly intrigued by the way in which the Council mandates the European Commission to make a recommendation to it concerning EU-Russia relations .
I believe that this is the first objective for us to pursue .
The increase in the number of <unk> is catastrophic .
Secondly , I should also like to endorse what Mr Silguy said , namely that the situation should not be <unk> .
It is apparent that more girls attending school not only benefits them , but also boys and their countries .
Mr President , given that Parliament , through Maastricht , has acquired the right to use a collective vote of censure as a parliamentary weapon , every Member of this supreme representative body within Europe should handle it responsibly .
We want to believe in you again , even though a lot of bad things have happened .
This Commission will give civil rights and anti-discrimination policy top priority .
The international community should make it clear once and for all that what these countries are supporting is a criminal attack on peace , which must be condemned as international crime and dealt with accordingly .
I thank the honourable Member for his very kind closing comments .
So Mr President , let us support exchange programmes so that people can meet one another , understand one another &apos;s way of thinking and in the future work alongside one another !
It is now open to us , in the next research framework programme and in the trans-European networks , to take appropriate medium-term action in this area .
I believe that we are engaged in a process in which decisions have been taken and in which we now have a considerable technological and industrial mechanism to implement .
We thank the rapporteur for her thorough work on this subject , which is of particular importance for the future of EU research .
I believe that justice would be done to Parliament if he were to devote a few words to this topic .
I think that ministers have an important responsibility to endeavour to address themselves to the questions that have been put .
My answer is yes .
The fishing sector forms part of the Community &apos; s economy and , in order for the Community fleet to be able to fish and carry out its activity , the Community must reach agreements with third countries and international organisations , so that our fishermen can enjoy adequate fishing allowances .
So why now and why , given the current situation , <unk> a fundamental element of the arrangement prematurely for such as short period of time ?
I know that people are concerned about paying for subsidies that increase prices for them as consumers .
The European Commission presented a proposal which clearly needed improving .
We are convinced that balanced information about both the advantages and the disadvantages of membership should be freely available to all Hungarian citizens , and we likewise hope that a referendum will be held to decide on the country &apos;s membership of the EU .
It may also explain why small countries feel strong ties to the European project and , specifically , to the Community method .
The overall cost involved in ensuring that no further environmental or public health affects arise from the plant is estimated at <unk> 1.7 billion .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 am .
We cannot <unk> water and drink <unk> .
The European Commission will shortly come up with a new proposal : the joint European venture .
Everyone is now aware of the significant risks of contracting serious diseases run by those exposed to asbestos , during its manufacture , of course , but also when it has to be handled for removal purposes .
I agree with him .
We see many children working in conditions of slavery and forced labour and we would urge all European Union states to ratify the ILO Convention dealing with these issues .
Neither the major economic <unk> nor the reduction in private investment , nor the steady rise in unemployment and poverty shake their faith in the dogmas of the Stability Pact , whose budgetary and monetary rigidity has not only contributed to worsening the current economic crisis but has also limited the potential for growth in the European Union , with all the consequences this has for the increasingly high levels of inequality , poverty and social exclusion .
This is a priority objective , which should encourage all European citizens to call on you to come here to provide explanations , and the Council to identify those States which are fulfilling their duties , implementing the action plan we implemented on 21 September 2001 , and those which are not .
This , as well as the deficiencies in the networks of infrastructures and services and a generally very low level of employment , which furthermore is seasonal and lacks diversity , <unk> the <unk> from rural areas .
We shall , at the same time , be extremely careful to undertake an evaluation and to ensure a usage that is geared more towards housing for the most disadvantaged members of society .
I think that today &apos;s debate on this issue has been a very useful start , and I sincerely hope that there will be a <unk> , based perhaps on what I hope will be very positive results in the Treaty of Amsterdam .
My reply will be quite short .
<unk> figures available for 1997 indicate a drastic reduction in the <unk> <unk> .
The Union &apos;s policy must be more than just aid under TACIS .
What this means , and what its point is , is a <unk> to me .
Mr President , I want to welcome Articles 5 and 6 of the draft regulation , which give a positive signal to Member State governments to support special arrangements for so-called reasonable accommodation to promote the employment of disabled workers .
I am well aware of how complex the situation is in the South Caucasus , and thus understand that it is far from easy to make progress in terms of democratic standards at a time when the threat of extremist attacks is <unk> .
Secondly , on the subject of better regulation , I first of all want to thank Parliament for its cooperation on the signing of a new framework agreement .
Of course we demand that the archives of the state intelligence service should be <unk> under international supervision .
The EU would be <unk> to develop its relationship with the UN rather than to strengthen its ties with NATO .
Moreover , the people on the ground sometimes get overlooked , but they also have similar rights .
These countries must be included , and they must be included in a report of this kind .
I have given you a brief overview of the most important themes of the Vienna summit .
Coordination is absolutely essential if we are to obtain better results , and we can therefore endorse your recommendation .
We hope that the General Affairs Council can provide the necessary legal basis as soon as possible , but this aid must also be made available as quickly as possible .
I hope that is going to be followed through properly because what has happened in the past is that Norway has sent salmon into countries such as Denmark at the minimum price , and it was then processed and came out of those factories at a very much lower price than it originally went in .
Another weakness we have identified is inadequate preparation for implementation of the acquis in a number of crucial areas , namely customs services , taxation , veterinary and <unk> controls , the institutions managing and supervising agricultural policy and , lastly , the departments in charge of managing and controlling the Structural Funds .
There is no point on this issue using <unk> or diplomatic language .
( Before the vote ) I believe that , as some speakers have expressed so clearly , the Europe that is moving into the 21st century is much better than the Europe that many of us dreamt of and it still perhaps has a journey to make for those of us who are <unk> .
The new EU Member States very much want to become involved in building a political partnership concerned with security , as well as an economic and financial partnership and a social , cultural and humanitarian partnership .
Parliament ’ s decision on the content of this report will thus be of relevance beyond the Union because it will be a political affirmation of the defence of values that are important not only to Europe but also to the world .
The Commission neglected its duty to monitor compliance with veterinary rules in the internal market .
It is a bureaucratic and technocratic solution to a political problem .
Mr Fava has pointed all this out today too , and yet you say that you are essentially in agreement .
We should not only feel <unk> of conscience when a disaster such as the tsunami strikes .
But instead of giving us more time , the Commission has commenced infringement proceedings .
Nor shall we - or , of course , the presidency - forget the northern dimension of the Union , which is of fundamental importance .
That is why the residents of Hong Kong came out on the streets en <unk> at the beginning of this week .
To prevent these we need joint action on the part of the Union and a legal base for sport .
One of the fundamental mistakes with EMU , however , is that fifteen countries in Europe are making cuts in their budgets and thus in the public sector and in employment .
Mr Zī le is the rapporteur for this fourth proposal .
It is still a fact that it is not pity or greed that <unk> our actions here in Parliament , but the knowledge of the hardship being suffered by our coastal communities , which in addition have to earn their daily <unk> under the most difficult of conditions .
I call on all MEPs , including the MEPs who are following this debate in their chambers , to study this framework agreement carefully and to examine how Parliament &apos; s powers in respect of the grant of discharge are being <unk> away .
The Members of the Group for a Europe of Democracies and Diversities representing the <unk> supported the amendments tabled by the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , which provided invaluable clarification , but not the overall initiative , which they have proposed should be rejected by amendment .
In our case the Irish , carrying on from Italy , gave us an extremely solid basis in the form of the Dublin II draft treaty on which we were able to build .
I prefer this type of solution .
This House is an institution for such a Europe .
For the euro as an international currency , it would also be wise to avoid any unnecessary disturbance on the exchange markets .
From all appearances , this is actually another form of death sentence , or execution , which is being implemented .
We need to do all we can with the competence we have .
The future charter must be included among the Treaties and this must be achieved on the occasion of the next IGC , probably the last with the current fifteen countries .
Mr President , first of all , I should like to extend warm thanks to the rapporteur , Mr Salvador Garriga Polledo , for the excellent cooperation .
The vote will take place shortly .
The Commission is accommodating the wish of companies to become more flexible in a unilateral manner .
If we can make progress in improving the returns for pensioners in private schemes across the European Union , we should do so .
How long will it take for governments to realize that they have no <unk> in this matter ?
Given that the necessary structures are in place , we would realistically expect that in the coming budgetary year most of the targets would be met and a reform implemented to eliminate <unk> and covert bottlenecks .
I view this Presidency with a mixture of <unk> and hope .
<unk> thinking of this kind has no place in the European Union .
The greater mutual openness shows that there are extremely attractive prospects for cooperation in the economic , ecological and social fields .
I will conclude by saying that I attach particular importance to the principle of openness .
We believe that the time has come to hold meetings in the various Member States , something that we are going to do from autumn onwards .
I do not know of any .
We are <unk> when , in Rome , parties of the right-wing opposition and the new centre incite the people to hatred and prevent the authorities from accommodating the Roma safely in places with running water and electricity .
The text we approved at the conclusion of the Convention &apos;s work certainly leaves room for improvement but , as you said , it represents a fundamental working basis that cannot be <unk> .
<unk> enough , however , the advent of peace means that the attention given to the area is likely to decline quite <unk> , despite the fact that many of the underlying problems have by no means been resolved .
Freedom of movement for goods and capital , but not for people , is not only inhumane but also totally <unk> and cynical .
Why should the rule of transparency apply to all and sundry who engage in dealings on the stock market but not to financial journalists ?
I have no doubt that this scepticism and opposition are shared by large and growing groups of the populations of the other Member States , who are not being consulted .
And it is to Israel &apos;s advantage .
<unk> fisheries agreement Agricultural and regional policy , for example , rely in particular on the existence of spatial information .
What is the opinion of the Commission and the Council ?
Your vote will be decisive .
Similarly , business partners were not informed of the possible <unk> of the programme .
We had very successful and satisfactory results .
Both European Union and national support should be used to develop know-how , entrepreneurial activity and infrastructure .
Our counterparts in the candidate countries have told me about some unfortunate incidents .
This fund is , to all <unk> and purposes , virtual , for it is still empty .
Part of the trouble may be the responsibility of the accession states themselves : they have not yet asked the Commission the Commissioner can tell us this for delays , temporary derogations , <unk> , etc .
- ( IT ) Quite apart from the approval or rejection of amendments and the removal or amendment of paragraphs , we were <unk> to find in an annual report of the European Parliament on such a sensitive and urgent matter as human rights , the recommendation &quot; not to <unk> child <unk> , except as a last resort &quot; , and a call for the Member States to &quot; lower the <unk> for homosexual relations &quot; .
With regard to form the Commission cannot agree with the idea of stating a specific amount in the document .
To date , only Luxembourg and Switzerland have been able to do anything like meet its convergence criteria .
We also support Amendments <unk> , tabled by Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf , which make clear the need the need for agricultural reforms and for the individual Member States to take more responsibility for <unk> .
But the issue of sanctions is already adequately dealt with in the directive .
In Berlin , financial perspectives were set which had to be agreed with Parliament , but in Nice , the same European Council , composed of almost the same people , said that we had to create a special programme for the restructuring of the fleet that fished in Morocco .
In this agreement too , question marks can be placed by the 22 trawlers that are permitted .
The reason given was that we were disturbed by certain <unk> we have heard emanating from the ranks of socialist governments in the past weeks and months .
In 2003 , the <unk> industry in Poland consisted of 123 firms , while in 2005 there were only 93 .
It is , of course , possible to appoint international judges , and they will certainly play a role in this , but will this role be so manifest that it will be clear to the Khmer Rouge victims that the judgments passed will actually be neutral and do justice to the situation as it was then ?
In this respect , the analysis of monetary developments has provided useful guidance to the ECB &apos;s monetary policy also over the past year .
In reply to my first question - and is it not dangerous to negotiate the <unk> Agenda separately ?
- Commissioner Lamy said that the ongoing negotiations in Geneva on agricultural trade and trade in services are not really negotiations but just preparatory talks .
I therefore consider Article 9 of the agreement on judicial cooperation to be inadequate .
I am optimistic about this .
The Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs has risen to the challenge , <unk> the Commission &apos;s debate on the scope of the directive .
In the view of the President-in-Office of the Council , how far do these powers extend and why has Parliament not been informed ?
During the Spanish Presidency , the European Union has also confirmed that it is prepared to take on the task of policing in Bosnia-Herzegovina , on 1 January 2003 , and has expressed its desire to take over operation <unk> <unk> ? , in the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia .
There are , then , at least three things that must be done : the first is to call upon the United Nations Security Council to set up an international peace-keeping force with a mandate to protect the humanitarian organizations , to disarm the <unk> militias and to guarantee the frontiers recognized by international law .
We hope that the closer relations which this Agreement formally marks , will help make this process irreversible and represent further progress in the respect for human rights and the strengthening of democracy and the rule of law .
However , there is also a need for international support and cooperation .
In fact , innovative measures under Article 6 of the European Social Fund can play a vital role in increasing employment and enhancing regional and social cohesion , the sine <unk> non to our strategic objectives , and we must not just make use of them , we must also take action to make up for lost time and lost resources , because the guidelines for innovative measures were only finally adopted a full year after the adoption of the structural fund regulations , which made delays in implementation unavoidable .
According to them , the European Union is trying too hard to copy the success of the process of the ten accession countries in South-East Europe .
The report is looking for ways to enable women to choose whether they want children , when they want them and how many they want , and to experience their sexuality in a healthy way .
The Commission can accept the request that we present the programme in October , as we did this year - although I must tell you in all honesty that it imposes a very strict internal timetable on us .
It is a field in which we have made clear progress : we have approved the Directive on the notification of accidents in civil aviation ; we have approved the creation of the European Air Safety Agency , which is now operational ; we have approved the rules on the certification and maintenance of aircraft which that Agency must apply and we have also made progress on the ‘ Single Sky ’ initiative , which is an element which must improve safety in the European air sector .
The European Union gives four times as much overseas aid as does the United States of America , and it is for that reason that we should make the effort to do it better and negotiate regulations for its speedy implementation , for implementation is what this is all about .
Upon serious analysis of the common position , it has to be said that democracy works .
The proposal made was that we should now sit down and negotiate with the United States .
If that is the case , then I , and I suspect , Mrs Roth-Behrendt as well , would be prepared to be very <unk> on this .
He set unacceptable prior conditions and the reaction of the Turkish Cypriots and Turkey was as expected .
.
The trial was marked by the most scandalous irregularities , as denounced by such organisations as Amnesty International .
I know that many Members will recognise the principle and its <unk> .
At the last part-session in Strasbourg the Commission was going to give us a statement on that matter .
The resolutions of the General Assembly on the application of the Convention have been unanimously supported by the Member States of the European Union .
Having failed to get its regulation on the digital tachograph finished in time , the Council had originally incorporated these <unk> – as I like to call them – into the regulation on rest and driving times .
Of course each terrorist deserves justice ; justice has to determine innocence and <unk> .
We therefore have to try and ensure the best possible choice and find a majority for the best possible choice .
For me , in <unk> terms , the crucial year is always year one - you are lucky if you get to year two or three .
You cannot appeal to good intentions for <unk> competition and a profit <unk> .
We will continue to be willing to make concessions , but I think we were flexible while at the same time defending our main objectives , and we should continue to do that .
It is clear , as the Commissioner acknowledged , that there is no new evidence in the particular study published in .
With reference to Mr <unk> &apos;s report , I wonder why the Commission gave its international recommendation to the members of the Baltic Fishing Commission so late that the deadline for <unk> a protest had already passed .
I would like to warn the Commission and the Member States , who in the Council have given way to real blackmail by the presidency , against the dangerous precedent that they are in the process of setting .
Let us look at demography .
The reference to the code number for Gibraltar in the Appendix to the Green Paper about a <unk> plan is not in the <unk> &apos; column , but in an <unk> column , containing explanations of the actual use of certain code numbers , including quite different code numbers such as short codes for European services , telephone information , etc .
That has to be in the interest of all of us !
<unk> aid must be a separate category , not included in the guideline , so as to prevent a reduction of the already <unk> reduced resources available from the Guarantee Section for farming in the Member States .
However , democrats and democratic countries must discuss in a worthwhile manner how to achieve this aim .
Thank you again for your continued support on this important public health issue .
A European constitution should stipulate that Europe will not turn into a <unk> superstate and that we are building a &quot; federation of nation states &quot; .
In applying the principle of partnership a clear division of responsibility must be established and the decision-making process must not be allowed to be hampered , but we have to approach the question of listening and commitment on the part of the various parties flexibly .
During the last five-year statistical programme , the first priority <unk> of course on statistics relating to the convergence criteria , which were completed on time and with the necessary quality to serve as a basis for the decision taken on 2 and 3 May this year .
It was with great <unk> that the Finnish people found their way to freedom , and I should therefore have expected the Finnish Presidency of the Council to show more understanding for the <unk> of the oppressed Chechen people .
We see this as a priority that should not only be reflected in figures in the budget , but in good professional work by the ad hoc Parliament services .
It is lamentable that today ’ s plenary has seen the Christian Democrats standing in the way of a majority for these instruments against poverty and underdevelopment .
This risks <unk> a <unk> Europe in which <unk> Member States of the EU will be in some sort of second division .
If this proposal is accepted by the Council , in the form in which we adopted it , the quality image of European wines will be preserved .
Fatuzzo ( PPE-DE ) .
That is why I emphasise the need for Europe , while paying tribute to those who have secured this successful <unk> , not to be blind to these worrying signs and to continue to exert pressure so that Gaza has air and sea ports and access to the West Bank and to Egypt , thus preventing it from closing on its inhabitants like a trap , so that international law and humanitarian law are respected and regularly evaluated in this region and so that the road map is <unk> .
Let me give you two <unk> examples .
This idea , which has been put forward by the Member States with a view to the potential effects on their tax policy , enjoys the support of the European Parliament , although it is strange that , in this case , Parliament has adopted a more realistic stance , in particular by taking the view that this is not the time for greater harmonisation and by supporting the Council ’ s intentions to extend the experimental application of reduced VAT rates in certain labour-intensive services .
The Presidency will attach great importance to the implementation of the conclusions of the <unk> Summit between the European Union and Canada , in accordance with the declaration of a common policy and an action plan between the European Union and Canada .
The United Nations ’ authority was seriously <unk> , in spring 2003 , by the unilateral decision by the US and Britain to launch a <unk> war on the basis , as we now know , of false pretexts .
The basic points in this report amount to a demand for them to have more money and more freedom in how they use it , as well as more status and a tax exemption system .
The operation of social systems is directly affected by certain general trends including the unemployment and social exclusion generated by 25 years of low economic growth , which has restricted the overall potential tax yield , the ageing of the population , the consequence of the emergence of new diseases and , finally , increased health care costs due to advances in medical research and treatment .
My response to that would be that it is serious incidents of this kind that should lead us to persist in the common policy as it stands at present .
The results obtained fall well short of what we might have expected following the Tampere Summit .
Commissioner Mandelson spoke of the need for us to do away with restricted market access , particularly for foodstuffs .
The fight against poverty was given high priority throughout the chapters of the Plan of Implementation .
This is of course bound up with the problem of what we so <unk> call <unk> fish &apos; .
For example , let us mention the pursuit of dialogue with Mediterranean countries .
I hope that Parliament will continue the project of building Europe by dismantling monopolies .
Not only would it seriously <unk> the process of innovation for businesses , it would also mean huge insurance premiums for manufacturers which would send the cost of new products <unk> .
Yesterday the <unk> decided that Irish may also be spoken in plenary if prior notice is given .
Why am I referring to this ?
Firstly , we must look back and assess how we were able to respond to those events .
I believe that such an agency should be operational , not advisory .
As I had occasion to mention in the debate on the report , the proposal to reject the directive , tabled by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , must be seen as a <unk> for the Commission to amend the additional elements involved in this proposal for a rejection without <unk> the fundamental reasons that underpin it .
Despite these restrictions , it is a step in the right direction if children qualify for compulsory education and learn the language of the country , people can find work promptly , the quality of the housing improves and more account is taken of homosexual partners .
And is <unk> also going to make this clear to the civil servants which Member States are increasingly posting at the airports of the countries of origin of asylum seekers , as extended forward border posts of fortress Europe ?
I should also like to say a few words about the other reports , which have also largely caused more controversy than mine in this debate , chiefly the reports by Mr van Hulten and Mrs <unk> .
I want to pick up one particular issue and address my remarks to Commissioner van den Broek .
This operation forms part of the global strategy pursued by the international community , and in particular by the European Union , since the crisis began at the end of 1996 .
The Commission is planning even now to delete it from the Financial Regulation .
At the same time , substantial progress is needed in other important sectors , which are sectors of offensive interest par excellence to the European Union , third industrialised countries and developing countries .
What is more , the Presidency has convened a conference on the security of supplies for 24 November 2000 in Paris .
The debate is closed .
That is the starting point .
This is the normal way for partners to behave .
However , double <unk> are no help now , as the <unk> has already formed in <unk> port .
They will be <unk> .
This policy should involve genuine peace , dialogue , the elimination of poverty and prospects for sustainable development .
I think – and I thank all those who have supported this position – that the European Union is a community of values which stands by principles and cannot <unk> from those principles .
The debate is closed .
It would surely be pretty odd if these <unk> regulations were to apply to auctions , for example .
The responsibility for keeping to time or otherwise lies with each and every Member of this House .
Mr President , I would like to begin by thanking Mrs <unk> for her proposals on producing energy from biomass because I believe we in this House should not just declare our support for the development of renewable energy sources but also follow this with practical action .
Therefore , Mr Verhofstadt , we must prepare ourselves to renegotiate the Constitutional Treaty on two or three specific points .
We , in the European Union , are currently opening up our educational programmes ; how are they supposed to work if the visa rules are so onerous ?
I was on the Committee on Citizens ’ Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs and saw the people looking for the documents when they disappeared .
In actual fact , the EU contributes to democracy and the principle of the rule of law in the countries on its doorstep for the simple reason that such countries wish , for all sorts of different reasons , to join the EU , and , before they join , we in the EU require them to fulfil important conditions , known as the Copenhagen criteria .
With the suggested improvements that have come forward from the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , this scheme could improve both the mobility of apprentices and the quality of <unk> training received by apprentices and therefore make a contribution towards raising skills levels in the EU .
Competition is necessary and rules are required if the expert <unk> is to be given an area of activity and a definite mandate , neither of which it has , unfortunately , had to date .
What credibility can the <unk> peace plan that you mentioned have , if you <unk> over the root causes of the Middle East tragedy ?
The continuation of funding will help the region overcome these disadvantages .
However , we must be realistic in assessing our scope for influencing the course of events .
This is what all these various possibilities are designed to do .
It is competing systems that are crucial when it comes to the Community patent .
To sum up , it seems to me that this is a step backwards in relation to the precautionary principle and the Union &apos;s environmental practice .
The objective of <unk> <unk> &apos;s report is that acts such as those which took place in Guatemala should never happen again .
There is a close association between the two and definitely a connection in the sense that you make reference to - antibiotics .
With regard to jobs , I think we can reasonably be satisfied with the progress we have made in the past year .
The European Commission is preparing its regular report on regional developments in the Balkans and it stands to reason that under the present circumstances one cannot expect that the Commission would recommend to the Council the restoration of the autonomous trade measures for the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia or would go further in recommending the incorporation of the <unk> into the PHARE programme or starting the negotiations demanding a mandate for negotiations on a trade and cooperation agreement .
Not only is it essential for everyone to receive accurate information , but everyone must be able to participate in the management of communication .
People who produce information and create opinion often do so at risk of their lives .
Mr Andersson , that was not a point of order .
by Mrs Hoff ( <unk> / 97 ) , on the proposal for a Council and Commission Decision on the conclusion of the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the European Communities and their Member States , of the one part , and Georgia , of the other part ( COM ( 96 ) <unk> / 96 - <unk> / 96-96 / <unk> ( AVC ) ) , -by Mr La <unk> ( <unk> / 97 ) , on the proposal for a Council and Commission Decision on the conclusion of the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the European Communities and their Member States , of the one part , and the Republic of Armenia , of the other part ( COM ( 96 ) <unk> / 96 - <unk> / 96-96 / <unk> ( AVC ) ) , -by Mr <unk> ( <unk> / 97 ) , on the proposal for a Council and Commission Decision on the conclusion of the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the European Communities and their Member States , of the one part , and Azerbaijan on the other part ( COM ( 96 ) <unk> / 96 - <unk> / 96-96 / <unk> ( AVC ) ) , -by Mrs Lalumière ( <unk> / 97 ) , on the proposal for a Council and Commission Decision on the conclusion of the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the European Communities and their Member States , of the one part , and Kazakhstan on the other part ( <unk> / 95 - <unk> / 95 and <unk> / <unk> / <unk> ( AVC ) ) , and on six reports on behalf of the Committee on External Economic Relations : It is precisely that <unk> agenda that gives rise to the very real danger of a general <unk> against a regime imposed from outside : an Afghan tradition .
The Swedish legislation has shown that , when demand is reduced , the number of victims of trafficking and prostitution <unk> too .
We should like to thank the rapporteur for his excellent work on an urgently needed report .
.
The situation was best in Finland and Sweden , where the equipment they have would be sufficient in practice for clearing the oil coming from a broken fuel tank on a large passenger ship .
Thirdly , the Commission does not have enough human resources to handle and manage the administration of cooperation projects .
The <unk> at present provides employment for over two million people in the European Union .
<unk> represents an important contribution to <unk> the Kyoto target and gives us independence from fossil sources of energy .
<unk> Amendment No 25 fails in our opinion to do justice to the important area of producer liability .
There is at present a great deal of change in Latin America , much of it positive and deserving of our support , and it is fairly clear to me , on the basis of this debate , that human rights are <unk> , so that all of them – individual and social human rights and the human right to independent development – belong together .
.
We have had this discussion before .
In this resolution , we ask the Commission for financial support for the administrations of the developing countries for the implementation of national action plans to eliminate all kinds of discrimination , as was agreed at Durban .
Let me ask you , Mr Poettering , what will happen if you reject the Turks ?
It is not only quantity that is at issue here ; it also means a <unk> different approach , not to mention the insight that those who have not yet developed the market in their own countries must be enabled to do this before anything else happens .
.
It was composed of named people .
They were stripped <unk> and dragged along the floor by their hair , <unk> by a <unk> of state security police .
Let us be clear : the issue is not the rights of white farmers , it is the rights of all of the people of Zimbabwe .
I have to cover my face with paper <unk> and run through to my office .
So the Presidency assertion that the earlier undertakings continue to apply is <unk> .
I have written to the President of the Commission , Mr Prodi , saying that this not only dealt with complaints but also the right to petition Parliament .
Hundreds of thousands of Europeans want politics to make every effort to make the Russians specifically tackle this matter .
These <unk> are found in Amendments 20 , 22 and 24 ( 1 ) .
Following discussions with the parties concerned with the introduction of 3G mobile communications , a consensus was reached on three points .
.
<unk> sets kill sea <unk> and many other species .
<unk> as this proposal relates to common trade policy , it is covered by Article <unk> of the Treaty , which does not call for the European Parliament to be consulted .
Stability and Growth Pact reform is , therefore , not a question of <unk> , but rather a vital necessity for a Europe that is losing the fight for growth and employment .
The fiscal advantages for clean vehicles could then be introduced some two years before the new standards take effect .
In future , we must invest more in programmes and projects for women .
The Community response to this problem is the Community action programme in the field of civil protection .
For that reason , the flexible practices called for in the amendments in order to mix the public with the private are needed , as long as a person &apos;s right to water is considered to be something basic that can never be given up .
We will nevertheless be voting in favour of this Interinstitutional Agreement , since it is the only compromise possible under the current circumstances .
This is naturally a <unk> statistic .
From now on we will be looking at strong action to give effect to the commitments set out in the guidelines .
The single currency is in place , enlargement continues according to its own criteria , and in six months the European Parliament elections will take place .
Of course the State must provide free education for all , but it must not exercise absolute control .
Again , with many thanks to the rapporteur , Mrs Lalumière .
I think that we must restore this confidence as a matter of urgency .
Mr President , I fully agree with Mrs Palacio .
.
This would allow expansion , should market conditions encourage growth , and allow new growers to enter the market .
We need to grant <unk> regions prominence and attention and restore their specific identity , but most of all we must not be ashamed to consider them already a potentially poor area .
There may be <unk> problems along the way but it will be the challenge of all of us involved in establishing the legislation for that agency to ensure that the competences of each of the various institutions - whether they be at Community level or at Member State level - properly <unk> and that each side knows exactly where their competence begins and ends .
However , I am of the opinion that those who wish to ensure that the work of Parliament continues to be carried out should also be present .
I think that , in terms of intellectual consistency , that was the right approach , provided that they do not lose substance , and in particular provided that the powers of this Parliament are also harmonised .
<unk> , we use several thousands of additives and , where the majority of these are concerned , the fact is that we are not even aware of their consequences for health .
Overall , the annual <unk> inflation was <unk> % , unchanged from the previous year .
On the very day of the merger , <unk> announced the closure of the <unk> <unk> in <unk> .
I am also happy to note , as Mr <unk> confirmed , that Denmark as a Member State principally concerned with sand eel fishery has accepted these measures .
We hope that there will now be other guidelines .
The rail package makes a contribution to the liberalisation and modernisation of rail transport in Europe , even though work on this is not yet finished .
I must admit that we Liberals are taking a rather <unk> approach until we see the results of the Stockholm European Council .
Every year 2 500 people flee from <unk> Tibet because they wish to practice their religion freely and to study in their native language .
This included the direct intervention of the President of Russia himself .
It would certainly be a step in the right direction if a universal moratorium , <unk> an end to this practice , were to be proclaimed Mr President , we are constantly calling for environmentally-friendly , ecological production methods in <unk> agriculture .
Could they , for example , have a place , at least as observers , in the different political and security committees or in the military committee ?
<unk> decisions will increasingly be taken in Strasbourg and Brussels , but complementary and parallel to decisions taken in the individual Member States .
This situation becomes even more unacceptable and <unk> when it occurs in the implementation of the Structural Funds and in the internal policies of the EU .
This would offer the Commission the chance to give a progress report and to discipline itself .
We expect a great deal from you : you must concern yourselves with our elderly people as well as our economy , or else they will wish the communists had never left . &apos;
And finally , measures to adjust or reduce working hours or make them more flexible cannot be imposed : they must be discussed and , where appropriate , decided on - and the rapporteur also recognizes this - by the two sides of industry and in the workplace .
The Economic and Financial Committee will play a central role in this , and to my way of thinking it will be the forum for coordination .
I welcome the own-initiative report by the European Parliament on the Directive on the protection of laboratory animals .
Thank you Mr MacCormick , it is not necessary to communicate this request to the Bureau , since it already began to study this issue yesterday .
Promotion of European digital content is evidently and rightly a subject of interest to many parliamentary committees .
Furthermore , provision must be made for an adequate number of <unk> , approach and departure points .
But I believe that one of the most significant elements , on the eve of this new round , one which <unk> it from the previous rounds , is the <unk> of society , of NGOs and international public opinion into the debate .
Having said this , the funds are community funds raised by the citizens .
So I hope that we will be able to work more enthusiastically and more successfully to bring peace to the Middle East , and that the beneficiaries of that peace will not only be the people of Israel and the people of Palestine , but the people of Europe and the wider world as well .
<unk> suggest that the Commission intends to lift the restriction on <unk> from Eastern Europe as soon as possible .
Within the authority I envisage much stronger scientific and other support for the independent scientists .
Instead , we must harmonise reception conditions , streamline and speed up the procedures for processing applications , and increase solidarity between the Member States in terms of sharing refugees and the burden imposed by the massive numbers arriving .
One might well call that progress in terms of security policy .
It has , however , doubts as to whether fishing effort control should be the sole management tool and therefore also has doubts about Amendments Nos 11 and 14 .
Unless this House accepts that explanation , which I do not , I ask you to make that check .
In summary , this has the making of a good piece of <unk> legislation which will be an integral part of the financial services action plan and the first designed specifically for insurance brokers .
Therefore dissemination is important .
When will the reconstruction budget have been fully allocated ?
Can such matters be controlled from Brussels ?
If the present IGC in its revision of the Treaties fails to remedy the situation then it could be heading for disaster and <unk> so .
I myself do not share the <unk> optimism either of the Council or of some other <unk> .
I therefore want us to have a responsible and sustainable fisheries sector characterised by partnership , and I wish Mr Schwaiger and his team every success in the negotiations , not least for our own benefit .
Those who are affected , who live in the region , are more than welcome to <unk> themselves of their legal rights .
But we cannot exactly take for granted the advances that science will make .
If you accuse someone , you have to have proof .
I think this report is a waste of a lot of paper .
.
Are you confident that commerce will not <unk> to a halt on 1 January 2000 ?
In my view it is perfectly logical that lorries and cars go out of their way to line up in Luxembourg .
Secondly , we are still collecting gender-based data at all levels , which is helping enormously in developing indicators and , thirdly , one of the priorities which we set in motion this year is special staff training on gender equality in all the Directorates-General , especially for anyone involved in planning and programming .
I think , though , that the EU continues to bear a great responsibility for the further development of judicial cooperation .
In the first months of its existence , the European Central Bank has earned our confidence , but if it is to be able in the future to <unk> such situations , then this confidence must be systematically consolidated in the years to come and , Mr President , in that endeavour you may count on the support of my group .
New standards will be introduced and greater flexibility will open up new markets .
<unk> for the extraordinary European Council in Berlin on <unk> March 1999 It is a world of forged contracts , of invented reports , of missing documents and of dubious reports associated with certain firms of privileged <unk> .
In the past , too many Member States have paid <unk> to the idea , but where there is a choice between trade and defence of human rights , economic <unk> has always taken precedence .
Others have already said in this debate that we should have a European Food Agency looking at the kind of health precautions we need .
Members of the House will know that at the recent Florence European Council the new Portuguese and Spanish Governments proposed modification of Project No 8 on the Essen list .
These amendments relate to so-called &apos;business tourism &apos; - conventions , <unk> and business travel - which already accounts for nearly 20 % of European tourism and is highly likely not only to increase significantly in the medium term , but also to compensate for one of the most complicated phenomena in the tourist sector , namely seasonal variations .
<unk> are : greater support for preserving and restoring cultural heritage of European interest that is considered to be cultural heritage by UNESCO ; greater participation and support for cultural cooperation initiatives by local associations and institutions , greater support for acquiring cultural equipment by local associations .
The Committee on Budgets and this House firmly rejected this model .
That is a national competence and the national , regional , and educational authorities in our Member States vary .
It goes without saying that it and its work must be independent , but its work must be comprehensible to the research community , politicians , decision-makers and the public alike .
Well , I was concerned about <unk> .
The <unk> list of personal data includes information on &quot; racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religious or philosophical beliefs , trade union membership , and data concerning health or sex life &quot; .
I would reject absolutely accepting the principle of the shortest route , which I otherwise support , without mentioning that there are also other principles , that we have environmentally friendly and <unk> traffic , that it is indeed a matter of external costs .
Mr President , members of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , I only have a short minute and I should say that the tabling and approval of a censure motion against the Commission is the only logical political consequence of the <unk> report .
At the national parliamentary level , there are oversight committees which at any time may have access to data which they deem necessary .
In the White Paper , you state that the Commission will still issue particular orders which can be used as guidelines , but what will your criteria be for granting such orders one day but not the next ?
The average throughout the European Union is around 44 % .
This is the Roma issue with all its <unk> in a <unk> .
Mr President , Commissioner , reading the <unk> which have been distributed in recent weeks , one would think that we were talking about the ultimate environmental catastrophe or the death of the car industry in Europe .
It is clear that there should be an immediate release of these journalists .
Mr President , the common position on cocoa and chocolate products is the result of long and involved discussions .
I should like to <unk> totally the suspicion that we might be discussing something which would then require <unk> .
I should like to ask whether there is anyone who believes that our world will become safer when we prohibit certain organisations .
I would like to warn the Council of the following : If they amend the legal base for this important process again in its second reading , then they are running the very serious risk of legal action from Parliament in this matter .
In order to meet these challenges , Member States must make significant improvements in the distribution of resources and opportunities in society so as to ensure the participation and social inclusion of all citizens and the exercise of their fundamental rights .
The policy of the European Union has never been and never will be aggressive , but the European Union is not and cannot be a mere talking shop that <unk> advice .
However , realistic transitional periods need to be set for <unk> to alternative substances .
I would also like to align myself with Mr Wynn ’ s rather than Mr Davies ’ remarks about the British rebate , hardly <unk> .
In the field of Internet Government , that is , the future administrative and regulatory structures governing the Internet , a working group was set up under the aegis of the UN Secretary-General .
The crew was <unk> , and the <unk> system indicated that around 90 000 <unk> of <unk> had <unk> out .
Although the system has certain <unk> — which system does not ?
— and although it needs certain modifications aimed , in particular , at increasing the competitiveness of producers , it would be a mistake to include fruits and vegetables amongst all the other agricultural sectors .
This seems to me to be the absolute minimum requirement if we are to remain faithful to our environmental ambition and , above all , to the desire to promote technological innovation in the European Union .
We must go further than specific analysis .
The implementation of this reform clearly reflects the difficulties we are facing , but we know that this exercise , however difficult , is a vital one .
It is not in Russia ’ s long-term strategic interest either .
In the EPP we support what the Socialist Group has said .
You have said , Mr Solana , that the overwhelming majority of Europeans are unambiguously against the war .
Would the Commissioner agree that things seem to have been moving very slowly on endocrine <unk> , and could she give any dates by which she hopes there might be some results from the research ?
This form of regulation is also of fundamental importance for two other reasons .
It is in the present institutional chaos of Europe that large Member States can exert disproportionate amounts of influence , and smaller Member States benefit from law and order .
In most of our countries unemployment rates continue at unacceptably high levels .
We have tabled two amendments which , from what I have heard , can count on considerable support .
Violence breeds violence , just as aggression breeds aggression .
This is one of many , such as the scandal of the holding group set up by the Naples <unk> – involving large <unk> companies from France , Belgium and Germany – to <unk> butter with beef tallow and oils .
We have succeeded in doing this .
I have a question for Mr Patten .
First , I wish to remind you of what President Barroso has said in this House : the European Union needs to match its political ambition with its financial resources .
A wide-ranging reform of the CAP has become necessary , guaranteeing similar levels of support and market regulation for Mediterranean produce .
Does it agree with the view that the <unk> of human rights and democratic norms in a Member State would not , under any circumstances , result in expulsion ?
I would like on behalf of the MEPs of the New Democracy party and our group to express our outright condemnation of these attacks , not only this specific attack , but all the attacks carried out over the last 25 years by this <unk> terrorist organisation , and my deep regret that we have as yet been unable to find the <unk> .
So does <unk> <unk> , the new British Chancellor of the <unk> , who would agree with us that <unk> R <unk> &apos; is the cry for Europe .
It is of course , as Mr <unk> said , a philosophical question , a philosophical choice .
If I say <unk> stocks &apos; , then there must never be a <unk> animal in his <unk> , but when you say <unk> meat &apos; - I agree to these amendments of yours , Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf , in other words <unk> meat may only be the subject of intervention &apos; , etc .
but when you say that a farmer is no longer to receive a premium if he has had anything whatever to do with BSE , then the man is <unk> and it may not even be his fault .
I wonder what needs to be improved .
Some people blame the European Central Bank and claim that the base rate is too high .
In this particular case Renault , and indeed the government which holds a 48 % share of the company , must abide by European and national law , both in the letter and in the spirit .
If we can make a reality of the very considerable <unk> possibilities that exist we shall be able to reduce our energy dependency .
<unk> need to be maintained , because they are established by the general interest and by the very philosophy of the European Union .
The European Commission has investigated how much money the European Union can effectively set aside in Iraq .
It does have something to do with it because , last Saturday and Sunday , I was at a meeting on renewable sources of energy on this same beautiful island of <unk> , in Sweden , where 50 % of their energy comes from renewable sources , like wind , the sun , biomass and so on .
Madam President , it is true that the situation seems to have settled into a horrendous vicious circle in which there are threats and acts of violence from both sides , such as the attack just a few hours ago in West Jerusalem .
In order to secure his <unk> above everything else the <unk> in Minsk <unk> no means of <unk> his political <unk> - &apos; <unk> &apos; in the state media as enemies of the people and criminals - in advance .
I note the following definition , at <unk> : &apos; services of general interest are defined in the Commission Communication on <unk> of general interest in Europe &apos; as being services which the public authorities class as being of general interest and subject to specific public service obligations &apos; .
I hope it succeeds and thus sets a precedent that is the beginning of the end in the UK for the authority of these damaging and unnecessary regulations .
This is what my group will be asking for and thereby supporting Mr <unk> in having just the debate this week .
Madam President , I am giving the opinion for the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy on fuel standards and specifications .
This was a high point for European diplomacy which saw us taking the lead from the Americans for the first time .
In fact , this is a problem that occurs a great deal in Italy , for example , but I think it applies to all countries , judging by the alarming figures .
It should be an open debate and that was always the idea .
That is the issue , and that is what they responded to .
The <unk> Public Prosecutor has now announced that he will be calling for the death sentence to be pronounced in the case of the freely elected member of parliament <unk> <unk> and others on 19 November and for long prison sentences to be handed down in the case of other members of parliament and opposition politicians .
Therefore , I gladly withdraw the particular remark I made which I know he felt very deeply about .
Madam President , Mr President-in-Office , ladies and gentlemen , I believe that the Commission , rather than the whole of Europe , was <unk> in a profound crisis - of that there is no doubt - and that the crisis had already gone on too long .
Enlargement of the EU is the greatest political task of our generation .
Despite the importance of this area , however , there is no firm European aid policy either for innovation or for research and development .
Is it really so practical to collect these boats and transport them to the region ?
That would have a crucial effect in raising the level of the Commission &apos;s credibility !
Of that work there is plenty to do .
Naturally , an agreement to this effect will necessarily have to observe the principles and foundations on which Europe is built .
Finally , we ask the Council to honour the modest requests of the Court of Auditors in full .
Thank you , I have gone on too long , but on the plus side I think I have at least given you a broad outline the results this Euro-Mediterranean policy is producing .
Establishing these specifications is urgent and <unk> the opportunity to do so was missed on the occasion of the recent revision of the aforementioned Directive 98 / 70 / EC .
We have made every effort to achieve the greatest possible unity of Parliament so that it can , as at other times , find the strength to appear to citizens as a sure point of reference , <unk> to individual interests .
What can the Presidency do ?
My speech will , in fact , be brief since the chairman of the Committee on Budgets has given a very comprehensive demonstration of the gaps that , in spite of the praise for the presidency , can still be seen in the 1999 draft budget procedure .
The corresponding directive has been sent to the committee ; I hope that my colleagues have had the opportunity to study them .
At the same time we have received some bad news from Minsk .
I agree with Mr Evans .
My basic view is that one ought to pay tax in the country in which one lives , in which one &apos; s family lives and in which one benefits from public services .
I will not be in a position to support this form of democracy .
The EPLP continues to have reservations , as was expressed at first reading of the framework directive on informing and consulting employees .
The decisions of the ECB affect the economy and thus have an impact on employment .
Although we have no reliable statistics on the percentage of women in these areas , either in the European Union or in the accession countries , the Spanish Economic and Social Council has put forward its available statistics on the European Union &apos;s Member States .
The reduction in State aid and its orientation towards servicing the anti-grass roots Lisbon Strategy will exacerbate still further the situation of the grass-roots classes .
In other words , if we do not soon reach an agreement on this issue and if the United States insists on multilateral measures , the Community may have to reconsider to what extent it is prepared to submit to a multilateral mechanism , which the United States itself does not seem to want to respect .
The democratic process must not be allowed to fall short in the fight against terror and crime .
But I wish to conclude by reassuring the honourable Member of our understanding and sympathy towards the problems she expresses .
Mr President , the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child has so far been signed by 191 countries .
- <unk> the general idea of introducing biometric parameters in EU identity documents , such as visas , residence permits or passports , because of the high risks to data protection and to the protection of privacy , because there is no clear justification based on need , <unk> , efficiency and because of the potential knock-on effects of including such identification parameters in identity documents .
I also believe it is fundamental not only to sustain our training policy but also to include in the financing of this chapter the objectives listed in the White Paper on education and training .
Burma has been <unk> <unk> out of 191 countries with regard to the quality of access to health care in the country .
How is this to be done when , at the same time , the Commission &apos; s proposal - which has been <unk> , so the general public is aware of it - says that employees &apos; freedom of thought comes before transparency and that it is not possible to have access to working documents , reports , <unk> etc ?
Mr President , first the good news .
This is something very different from Mr Prodi &apos;s position , as well as the Commission &apos;s position , Mr Verheugen &apos;s position , from the European Parliament &apos;s position , from the Helsinki position and from the position of the Spanish presidency .
I think that in this respect , the <unk> should be treated the same way as an employee , in that the minimum wage should always be <unk> .
We Socialists want Guantánamo to be on the Vienna agenda .
<unk> is also granted to the Court of Auditors and we must express our pleasure at the public presentation of the report of that Court , which was presented in a timely manner , in November , to the European Parliament and to the press , which is a transparent and clear way to behave .
The proposal is a simple one , namely to postpone the date of entry into force of the directive , with half of this extra time for industry to prepare , the other half for Member State transposition .
Neither the Commission nor the Council has covered itself in glory in the past on this issue but we have a more consistent approach now .
We also have some criticism .
I understand that you are to organise a special summit on this subject .
<unk> like this show <unk> for the consumer and disregard the principle of supply and demand .
In the interests of stability in the new Member States , it is vital for us to step up the fight against corruption in those states , and we must help them to reach the Schengen standard at the new external borders as quickly as possible .
Nevertheless , it is important to respect private life in this context .
It is irresponsible to provide Research Framework Programme funding for projects that exploit women ’ s <unk> or that destroy the human <unk> .
Similarly , as the honourable Members of Parliament will know , the Commission approved , on 6 April , a proposal for a new Solidarity Fund .
Where we are moving towards greater food safety , safer food packaging , better labelling and so on , we should not require <unk> to do all the work .
Yet what point is there in us <unk> , we who are the world &apos;s largest trading power , if , as we speak , a man is suffering in the depths of a prison or perhaps a women is being killed ?
We expect that to be up and running by the end of next year and we want there to be money for that .
Only then will the objective of obtaining genuine economic impact be secured for those regions .
What , if any , proposals does the Council have for raising and treating this matter within the EU ?
This is part of the game and is happening every day everywhere in Europe .
<unk> insurance , <unk> and producer payments are just one aspect of reducing the risk of running the business we call agricultural production .
But the Conference sent a clear signal that the door remains open for Turkey .
Fifthly - and this is absolutely critical to the success of this new regime - we want public access to the information .
Among the recommendations which the Commission has not observed , I should particularly like to mention the lack of disciplinary measures for serious mistakes made by certain officials .
The Working Time Directive is justified as being about health and safety , and in part , it is .
By failing to allow votes on individual Commissioners , MEPs have been denied an important democratic right .
Regarding Amendment No 20 Mr President , I wish to begin by saying how much I appreciate the Commission &apos;s presence here in strength tonight .
At present , the thresholds mean that only about an eighth of the sum I quoted relates to European competitions .
The committee certainly wants to see <unk> strengthened .
Do we need regional <unk> ?
I decided not to <unk> my responsibilities in order to tell Mr Gollnisch , publicly and quite frankly , why I will not defend his immunity .
The consumers need correct information and they need <unk> .
The purpose of this resolution is not only to denounce the abuse of human and democratic rights but to appeal to the <unk> authorities to restore democracy , call elections , release political prisoners and allow <unk> to return .
The Commission broadly endorses the conclusions in the report regarding the development problems and confirms the priorities it set , jointly with the Member States , for the period until 1999 : namely combatting unemployment , the environment and sustainable development , improving competitiveness - especially in the case of <unk> - and equal opportunities .
It is important that the Court be set up in Rome .
Firstly , is there any indication yet as to whether the Americans will retain forces in Bosnia and , if so , will they actually be in Bosnia or over the horizon in Hungary ?
We have observed the need for the Commission to be given access to all papers if the Commission is effectively to be able to make use of its powers and go after those <unk> which do not comply with the laws .
It is important that this debate should have made a start ; after all , it is a debate about what Europe is , where it should be heading , where our boundaries are and what we are doing , or not , as the case may be .
One is an advisory committee on forestry and <unk> industries , whose work got under way again in 1997 , and the other is a forum for forest and related industries .
It is vital to work towards the development of new social policies , and this includes , in particular , assessing support for equal treatment and its implementation .
The first is demographic change .
By its very nature , the Stability Pact in Eastern Europe is <unk> , on the pretext that human rights and democracy are being protected .
I was pleased that the Commission took prompt action to put right the evidence and to speak up for the safety of Scottish salmon .
It seemed it was the representatives of our political group that were going at such a rate , and I did not notice .
<unk> 2 states that , in October , 25 % of the Fund must be available as a matter of obligation .
The measures that were planned <unk> access to Parliament .
At the present time , 94 of the world &apos; s 106 most visited web sites are American .
There is an estimated global shortage of <unk> 000 doctors , nurses and other health workers .
I welcome this project .
It introduces harmonising rules for <unk> , the <unk> agent in cigarettes , and for carbon <unk> , the agent associated with <unk> disease .
The Minutes have been distributed .
So I repeat our gratitude to the honourable Member , Mr Titley , for an important report .
The Rules as they stand are quite acceptable and ensure that you will not have a situation where some people have not voted , where some people &apos; s machines did not work .
One of the main issues in this connection is the relationship between the Sustainable Development Strategy and the Lisbon Strategy .
I missed the first roll-call vote simply because I went to the back of the room and Mrs Oomen-Ruijten took my card out .
The office will be responsible for the management of all steps of the project cycle .
In addition to the <unk> core question , my report also contains a proposal to place the petitions in a public register , as long as the person submitting a petition does not want it to be treated in confidence .
The Romanian Competition Council should be given the powers , resources and the <unk> staff it needs to fulfil its role .
The overwhelming support for that paragraph ( <unk> Members in favour ) indicates that <unk> was right to raise this issue in Parliament because the success of the ICC is a European issue .
The Pope played a significant role in helping to bring down those barriers and close the final sad chapter of World War II .
If a developing country reaches the stage where it looks likely to have a firm position on the world market , and if there are other similar countries in the same region , then further integration would be justified .
<unk> <unk> , there is a small <unk> with 2000 residents , San <unk> in <unk> , which was <unk> to the ground at the famous <unk> of <unk> during the Second World War .
It even seems that he will shortly have to appear before the State Security Court .
When these events took place , the Minister for Home Affairs , who at the time was Mr <unk> , who still holds a post within my country ’ s Socialist government , endorsed in Congress the actions of the police that he was in charge of .
I would like to take the opportunity to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Jöns , for her report and for all the efforts she has made to get a general consensus here .
It can , therefore , accept Amendment No 21 in preference to Amendment No 16 .
This state of affairs is aggravated by the fact that there has been insufficient insistence upon environmental protection requirements in respect of market aid , and this has generally resulted in the setting of excessively low standards .
According to Ford , they do not have problems with their productivity levels ; on the contrary , they say that these two plants and their workers are enormously productive .
This closure is not bound up with the opening of new factories in Spain and this decision by Renault does not appear to be linked to new production centres in other European countries .
We must , therefore , show complete <unk> .
And cement factories <unk> all sorts of fuel .
<unk> / 99 on behalf of the UPE Group ; <unk> / 99 on behalf of the ELDR Group ; <unk> / 99 on behalf of the PPE Group ; <unk> / 99 on behalf of the V Group ; <unk> / 99 on behalf of the PSE Group ; <unk> / 99 on behalf of the GUE / NGL Group ; <unk> / 99 on behalf of the <unk> Group .
I am thinking here of fish-farming equipment , community facilities , restructuring , developing fish-farming sites , equipping fishing harbours , modernising boats , and I have already discussed these matters with <unk> Fischler .
Progress has already been made .
Another of your concerns was to know what is happening with the other donors .
No , Mr <unk> , I have not received it .
That is a subject I do not want to go into here , but the talks do also cover these specific matters .
The European Union will have to play a major role in the legal system , in the sphere of security , especially that of the police , but naturally also as far as military security is concerned .
I believe it will be a good basis for the dialogue we must have with the people of Europe about Europe &apos; s future development .
These must be implemented effectively , however difficult that may be at times .
1 .
In its decision the Council has only expressed an opinion on the future black box ( system mentioned in <unk> ) .
Not only does this cause problems for <unk> and tourists in reaching the west and north-west , it also makes it very difficult to access those regions .
It is now <unk> p. m . I would particularly like to stress the extremely positive role the European Parliament has been playing throughout this procedure , in the quest for the result which I hope we will achieve during this part-session .
For this reason I have great doubts as to whether we should choose this path .
When we believe a subject is <unk> within the European institutions we usually proceed as we are today to try and make progress .
There is also a tendency for local labour markets to become a kind of <unk> concept referring to rural areas or weak sections of the economy and the social economy .
The purpose of Israel &apos;s escalating its attacks appears to be to overturn all previous agreements between Israel and Palestine and <unk> out the Palestinian authority and its leader .
On the contrary , The group of advisers on ethics has proved itself to be a group of <unk> <unk> of the European Commission , and its job is simply to create acceptance for gene technology and <unk> .
Because its members have been <unk> away by political and economic forces , its youth has been <unk> forcibly into the <unk> conflict and their homes occupied by several hundred thousand Serbs .
It takes an experienced <unk> to find their way around the jungle of what is available .
At the same time , Mr Almunia , Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs , chooses to honour only Hungary with his continuous criticism .
We were <unk> disappointed in this respect , both in terms of some of the Member States and in terms of the majority of the Committee on Budgetary Control .
The Commission can accept Amendment No 3 .
That is why I call on the Commission to please continue this positive work and further intensify its efforts .
I would like to think that in future the very interesting matters that we discuss in the Rules of Procedure Committee will attract the attention from all colleagues that they deserve .
The largest volume transferred in one year has been <unk> and the average volume over twenty years has been over 200 .
Anyone who denies this is making a mockery of our work .
So I welcome the fact that the report takes a most positive view of this contribution from the European structural funds both to Objective 1 regions and to improving the situation in the German Objective 2 and 5b areas .
At the hearing , which will take place in Parliament at the beginning of July , we will have the opportunity to examine the structure and organisation of OLAF in detail .
In just a few years , the institutional and party system has undergone spectacular change .
We voted against the report drawn up by our colleague Mr Mohamed Alí on <unk> and European <unk> Day &apos; .
Increased import dependence , higher energy prices and climate change are challenges shared by all European Union Member States .
We held a very long debate to discuss the matter , but at the end of the debate the College &apos;s position was not clear .
Lastly , it is important to highlight another point too , which is of a more specific <unk> nature .
My question is quite specific .
They need to hear and understand that there are people who are aware of their situation , who are behind them and who will support them wholeheartedly .
I should like to thank both Commissioners for their introductory remarks .
Just think how much progress we might have made , even though we know that the democratic form of decision-making is compromise - a democratic compromise whose only promise to us is that we shall never get exactly what we want .
The fact that some MEPs seem to share this misunderstanding does not help much .
That includes reducing customs tariffs .
<unk> arise , however , as a result of the disparities between the various Member State legislations .
That is one of those rulings that lead to Member States thinking twice before taking discriminatory tax measures against pension funds that happen not to be established in their own country .
Five years ago , you needed three readings to achieve a sound result in the car oil programme .
The number could have been even larger , but clearly it could also have been smaller .
Our staff have problems too , but this is nothing compared to the problems faced by those we represent .
If I may say so , Madam President , it is our loss , for , in addition to being very beautiful , Mr Fatuzzo &apos;s daughter is also very nice and her absence is therefore a great loss to this Chamber or , at any rate , to Parliament .
And , secondly , do you think that you will be able to submit to Parliament , in the foreseeable future , data <unk> the different ways in which the legal status or material situation of asylum seekers is handled in the individual Member States , and what the reasons are for the disparities ?
I am sorry , however , that the Committee on Budgets voted to enter in the reserve Commission appropriations for information activities .
You must acknowledge , Commissioner , that what you have said tonight does not shed much light on the direction you intend to take .
You have not had much luck in the UK Presidency .
This is a very important issue which indeed has to be tackled both at EU level and at global level .
The European Parliament ’ s achievements should and will receive due recognition in the forthcoming annual report , which will be prepared under the Finnish Presidency .
<unk> The Community has a powerful legal instrument which needs to be implemented correctly .
It is the English version , and we shall put your amendment to the vote .
Mr Fischler saw for himself on Tuesday , when <unk> from the majority of Member States visited the House with their produce , which attracted a great deal of interest , that some stands were <unk> out before the <unk> had time to offer their products to the invited guests .
It will then be possible to draw the necessary conclusions for the EU .
Mr President , I would like to share with the Commissioner a concern I have on the current market situation in Romania by giving him an example .
This is both a positive and substantive move since EU Member States import livestock from outside the EU &apos;s borders and it would be counter-productive to have these enhanced rules operating exclusively in the EU without any regard for the unfair practices that operate outside its borders .
I see these contradictions in other areas too .
They should not be mutually exclusive .
I take this as full support for all the policies which have been followed both by the UK Presidency and by the United Kingdom on aspects like the budget , which I shall come to in a moment .
This tendency to ban everything has had negative effects such as a black market and the paradox of seeing people suffering from a regulation in favour of animals ; this is the case of <unk> where too many <unk> are <unk> the crops and preventing the local people from <unk> out a living .
There were a number of innovations in 2005 .
I congratulate him on his grasp of the technical detail and his understanding of the problems associated with it .
Would you believe it ?
The third issue concerns the degree of <unk> and the terms of agreement between the social partners in each Member <unk> and how far they can go .
The <unk> will be removed .
I find the following calls for action to reach that end especially interesting .
It will require education and addressing the culture that we live in ; it requires addressing the attitudes of our media .
And if so , what was the result of all these efforts ?
We could also take the money from the ECSC budget , which runs out in 2000 and still amounts to more than ECU 100 million .
May I begin by thanking the Commission for the detailed and , as I see it , very positive answer on the whole .
Both groups , however , have one thing in common : they want the <unk> to succeed .
Mr Karas and 38 other Members have requested that a Commission statement be added on the Situation in Bulgaria after the elections Progress made towards accession by Bulgaria and Romania with a view to the next progress report .
The USA and Europe are united by the fundamental values and principles of democracy and freedom and justice , of human rights and the right of individuals to achieve their potential .
During the Finnish presidential term , we will be <unk> the counter-terrorism strategy and the action plan that goes with it .
All the reform measures I have mentioned are part of a global approach .
<unk> , the procedure does not guarantee adequate democratic control .
Personally , I am at ease with the choice I made .
You are right , Mrs Berès .
The ceiling on the EAGGF contribution towards eligible investment costs has been raised from 50 to 75 % for investments in farm holdings and from 50 to 65 % in the processing and marketing sector .
I think strongly there ought to be .
I therefore believe that , in principle , we ought to support the Commission proposals for revising their staffing policy .
An amendment to a treaty should include a wider assessment and not just a few technical changes , as is the case here .
If we are to stabilise South-Eastern Europe , then the institutions concerned with the economy , culture , and educational policy that are either present or to be created in the respective States , must be encouraged to cooperate ever more closely with each other and with their European counterparts .
I would be most grateful if she would try to depart from her prepared remarks and deal with these issues .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I will be very brief .
It has considerable social impact too .
Commissioner , once more in this Parliament we are giving in to the temptation to tell the Commission exactly what it should be presenting us with , in great detail , in the next proposals for a directive they submit to us , to the extent that we are practically doing their job for them .
In my own country , for example , the lower tax rate has meant a <unk> of the tax take .
No , that is not the case .
It expresses its grave concern regarding the obstacles thus created to the proper functioning of our institutions .
Mr President , we have to bear in mind that the situation in Sudan varies greatly depending on the region .
That is of course extremely difficult , and is made more so by the very ambitious timetable , as you are required to be able to point to successes as soon as this year - successes in the Cancun negotiations .
Turning to the last of the reports , I have to say to Mr <unk> that he <unk> not only that our industry is not competitive on the international stage , but also , and at the same time , that there was no connection between the reports .
We thought it was worthy and DG XI and Mrs Bjerregaard came up with a proposal that met with the approval of all of us .
It is my view that the need for an EU patenting framework should not result in high treatment costs , nor in channelling research away from <unk> areas which have a public benefit .
I am trying to defend the interests of Europe with a certain neutrality .
In the preliminary draft budget , the Commission really has made only the absolute minimum necessary available in terms of funding for structural policy .
I welcome the amendments which were passed in our committee recently , which sought to increase warnings to the general public about the dangers of smoking .
We need to take faster steps to unify criminal law .
.
The project has also met with very well-founded criticism from a large part of the research community in Spain .
Here in this Parliament , we have a cross-party working party for reproductive health .
Mr President , please be patient , I have the floor .
We also know that there is no water <unk> system to combat it .
You know how much importance I have attached to the fight for jobs ever since the start of my mandate .
.
I particularly welcome the request that we delay for three months .
It is the most important bond for a nation .
It is now worthwhile being a <unk> and <unk> smokers and companies for the harm they have done .
We have argued this strongly .
Is this harsh criticism levelled by Turkey at Europe justified ?
There is Directive 96 / 29 / Euratom on the establishment of basic safety standards .
First of all , it must be absolutely clear what the Commission intends to do about the problems surrounding the opening balance sheet .
The end of the Cold War and , of course , the strength of the Central Americans themselves , are at the root of this change for the better , from <unk> to hope .
The President of the European Central Bank and the other members of the Executive Board may , at the request of this House , be questioned by the committees responsible .
I would like to remind you that 70 % of trade with third countries depends on the efficiency of our ports .
The public <unk> of research in the Member States plays an important part in this .
We feel that the message Parliament and the European Union send to that country should be very different .
It is this type of <unk> crime which is <unk> a serious risk to many of our communities .
<unk> we hope all of those measures together represent a real , intelligent policy .
Mr President , a point of order under Rules 119 and 120 concerning roll-call votes , in which I know you have a special interest .
It is absolutely disgraceful that one person is treated in one way and another in another , particularly taking into account that <unk> <unk> was sentenced to 25 years for <unk> .
<unk> the agricultural sector , for instance , is extremely important , and stable development of North Korea will contribute to this .
I think it is particularly important to use the know-how of European organisations and organisations in Member States for reconstruction and to involve non-governmental organisations and local experts .
This is not a bad record after a century which began so badly .
Despite its pretty words , this report also moves in the same direction .
The only reason why I did not go into detail with regard to the humanitarian situation was because I had already gone three minutes over my time .
Mr President , I shall begin by protesting at what you have just said .
There is no point in repeating the list of shortcomings in the action plan adopted .
<unk> down <unk> is like looking for a <unk> in a <unk> .
The resolution is also very clear about how we should deal with the negotiations in time .
Parliament and the Commission are right to be <unk> that the Union must improve its telecommunications network .
The Council has not said yes but nor has the Council objected , and we have definitely not said that we are afraid of a convention .
However , it does not make a sufficiently constructive contribution , because in my view it is based on the wrong premise .
<unk> How ?
In fact , MEPs are now something distinct from national MPs who might happen to go abroad .
The European Parliament would be within its rights to exercise democratic control over this institution and to develop , during a debate , its own vision of the situation on behalf of the citizens who elected us .
So take note of that !
This is another good reason to <unk> these structural reforms .
That , in short , is what we all want to achieve .
I think that the transition scheme is a good idea , as it gets rid of double taxation , while taking <unk> into consideration too .
The Commission already passes on the information called for .
It is being used effectively .
However , they are accompanied by a proposal to introduce a Community information system , that is , a single computer network for data from the Schengen , Europol and Customs Use conventions in order to make personal electronic records even more efficient , again in the name of freedom , security and justice !
This is , then , an annual exercise , which is mandatory for us and which involves complex preparations and requires the European Union , year after year , to make a constant effort to undertake in the international context something that international society expects of the European Union , which it considers to be the <unk> of the defence of these rights and that is the effective and increasingly universal protection of human rights .
I am not aware of this having happened .
Apart from this , unless I am mistaken , this would leave consumers in a worse situation than that of an operator who is bound by a <unk> contract , and who would be able to choose between having the case heard in a court in the defendant &apos; s state of <unk> and a court in the place where the contract was concluded .
I would like her to clarify that .
Some countries , such as Greece , Italy and Portugal , currently fail even to record racial attacks .
This is what happens , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , when books are written and <unk> are read about a new business culture and when there is so much discussion of business and entrepreneurial ethics .
Financial support from the European Union , however , is just as important for Portugal as it is for the European Union itself .
While the Tories continue to play politics , however , Labour continues to work , with the support of the <unk> , to get the ban lifted .
In other words , it is not the Greek establishment that <unk> diplomas , but rather the university in the other Member State , and consequently , if those diplomas relate to professional training within the meaning of Directive 89 / 48 , they are covered by that Directive .
Western diplomacy is now bringing heavy pressure to bear on Israel to dismantle the military operation .
Of course , it also needs to be reformed and to be made more transparent , but it must also be explained better .
The Commission , as I said the other day before the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , has studied the recent history of disasters in Europe in great detail .
Some of these companies come from outside the EU .
I find that deeply regrettable .
Like Mr <unk> , I too believe that we will certainly have to reflect upon the system of own resources .
Madam President , Commissioner , <unk> the recognition system for examination certificates is essential to increase the free movement of citizens and to improve standards of equality among them and safeguard their legal protection .
Everyone <unk> <unk> <unk> , who <unk> in a plane in Belgium while being <unk> .
For example , in point 1 of the explanatory statement , it is said that : &apos; If the period for which a worker is posted does not exceed one month , the Member States may , after consulting employers and employees and in accordance with their usual procedures and practices , opt not to apply the provisions on minimum rates of pay . &apos;
So let me say straight away that you , Mr <unk> , have carried out what I see as an exemplary piece of work .
This does not mean that I advocate <unk> these rights in the federations without demanding anything from them in return .
Mr President , Commissioner , I will limit myself to answering the questions that have been asked , the question from the rapporteur , Mrs Maij-Weggen , as to whether the new decisions <unk> the so-called Solana decisions ; the answer is yes , they do .
Also , the provision must be deleted whereby Member States can opt out altogether from receiving displaced persons .
.
So , in this respect , I disagree with my good friend , Charles Tannock .
I believe that that summit also <unk> us a good opportunity to make headway on the issues of visa <unk> and the arrangements for the return of immigrants , and will enable further progress to be achieved over the coming year as regards the partnership and cooperation agreement , which is needed in order to put our partnership on a firm footing , to develop the <unk> , and achieve results in energy security in particular , for Russia too must know that the partnership is possible only if it recognises not only the freedom of all nations in its immediate neighbourhood and beyond , but also that they may not be allowed to become victims on other grounds .
For instance , Belgium and the UK bar <unk> from being police officers , but Hungary and Portugal do not .
This is one of the proposals made by the Delegation for Relations with Belarus a long time ago , and I am sure that a look at the action plan we put forward more than a year ago would reveal more proposals .
The intergovernmental system for the revision of Treaties has reached its limits and the rapporteurs suggest a different approach , with a Commission proposal and political dialogue with national parliaments .
There is much <unk> evidence in the UK that large amounts of illegal meat are still entering the country .
Unless there are rigorous controls on the <unk> of arms and military equipment , legitimate exports can be diverted to repressive regimes and countries in regions of instability .
The success of the transatlantic business dialogue is obvious .
Cuba should be ashamed of itself , making this proposal , and what is more , their own proposal does not even meet the ideology adopted by Cuba itself , to which , incidentally , I do not subscribe either .
In conclusion , I think that the work involving Parliament , the Council and the Commission has produced an outcome for the trans-European transport network guidelines that is generally positive , economically realistic , socially responsive and helpful to the needs of the peripheral regions and to environmental protection .
The report contains a summary of the progress made since December 2005 .
The CFP cannot be reformed .
I am certain that nobody in Parliament would want to fail to honour commitments given to people who gave evidence on the understanding that they would enjoy confidentiality ; but in all other respects , if we can agree on a workable means of ensuring the proper <unk> of that evidence with the agreement of the Committee of Wise Men , then I am sure we should do it .
Public administrations will draw inspiration from this , <unk> that the human and financial resources devoted to the support of associations and foundations in Europe are the most efficient , most reasonable and apparently the best market we could implement to meet the social needs of our society .
If we talk about fisheries , farm policy , agricultural reform in Europe , the acceptance of whether or not <unk> but arms &apos; should be subject to the modifications concerning sugar , rice and bananas , all this would be lacking in impact if everybody thinks this is only a task for the Commission .
There is as yet no sign whatsoever of the political reforms demanded as part of the Customs Union , and the army still has far too much influence in Turkish society .
The two specific safeguard clauses concern the common market and legal and internal affairs .
The small <unk> is being invoked as a victim here , but he has much to gain from a reform of <unk> , as Mrs Villiers has said .
However , what has <unk> done about the problem of prisoners in the meantime ?
This applies in particular to a country with which we have not yet begun negotiations .
The incidents that have occurred should somehow have been avoided and every effort should have been made , in particular , to prevent situations in which people died .
This can be achieved through deterrent diplomacy , humanitarian intervention , promoting freedom of the press and democracy throughout the world and our <unk> fight against the humanitarian problem of landmines .
How do the cities reflect it ?
Still echoing in our ears and in our conscience are the words spoken by Pope John Paul II on World Peace day this year and those of <unk> Mayor <unk> , the then director of UNESCO , when he said , and I quote , &apos; <unk> must be able to <unk> itself to peace , safeguard it , re-establish it and rebuild it by creating a space for dialogue , consultation and reconciliation .
The Commission requested additional staff , but this has only been <unk> by the Council .
We have had no reply as such from your office - no doubt due to an oversight .
However , the amendments tabled by this Parliament with regard to the Commission document often lack the necessary balance .
It is true , and you have rightly put your finger on a difficulty that occasionally obliges us to intervene in certain Member States , even though there are those who feel that it would be far better for these difficulties to be resolved at national level .
Do not get me wrong ; Mr Maat &apos;s report is sound and considerably improves the Commission &apos;s plan .
As you will by now have gathered , we are highly sceptical .
Nevertheless , common initiatives and efforts are required from both the Baltic States themselves and from the European Union if democratic and economic development in the region is to be fostered .
Turning to the follow-up measures and to the long-term measures , I would like to underline what my <unk> have said , namely that climate change has become a brutal reality .
They will make it possible for people to understand each other and build an economic and political democracy in a Europe that will be safe from the dangers of world economic <unk> .
This is actually in conflict with European values and certainly with the parliamentary values which are referred to so often in this Parliament .
We have to develop the sort of aid that by its nature prevents conflicts , and does not fuel them .
In my opinion , the debate as a whole has demonstrated that extremely complex questions can be asked about the extent to which the proposals that have been presented speak for everyone .
<unk> intervention in purely internal affairs in the countries in the area up to and including condemnation of the democratic policy of the People &apos;s Republic of China , a country which the European Union has obviously set its sights on .
However , it cannot back the proposal made by the Christian Democrats and UNICE Employers &apos; Union of forty such incidents per annum .
As regards human rights and democracy , I recommend that we negotiate a proper convention with our neighbouring countries .
Many of us today will be travelling home by plane .
This is an important principle .
Will regulation hinder or reinforce the spirit that was approved .
To start with , the head of government in Romania reacted as perhaps every head of government in the world would react .
It is becoming increasingly outrageous and intolerable that our competition policy , in a context that is quite different from that of the Treaties by which it was established in 1986 and 1992 , should remain bound by the <unk> horizon of being simply a policy of the European Union .
This development has given rise to fears as to whether the <unk> &apos; , which will reportedly be discussed in the Council at the end of the year , will abide by the political terms and conditions laid down by the Helsinki Summit .
We were disturbed when we saw the draft to find that this directive discriminated against this important category of machinery .
This must be understood so that Russia can be helped in a sensible manner , and not just by <unk> in <unk> amounts of aid .
I should also like to pass on my best wishes to the Commission , present here in the person of Mr Van Miert .
Another important subject is , of course , prevention : that is to say , when an employee suffers <unk> , he should have an automatic right to health checks .
In Göteborg , there was an attempt at dialogue between politicians , demonstrators and a variety of organisations .
The present Community legislation on drift nets , EEC Regulation <unk> / 86 , amended by Council Regulation <unk> / 92 , bans the use by Community vessels of drift nets of more than two and a half kilometre &apos;s length , irrespective of the waters being fished .
( Parliament gave its assent ) The Laeken Summit is now only a couple of days away .
Very recently , the scandal feature of one of the Dutch television stations presented a Dutch Government internal security service report , which in fact is characterized by striking <unk> with the resolution I propose , as an indication of how dangerous Islam is in the Netherlands , whereas the report - entitled <unk> Islam in the Netherlands &apos; - does not <unk> give cause for that view .
The EU must lay down unambiguous rules for migration , while , at the same time , giving more aid to the countries from which migrants come and through which they pass , but it must also be equally consistent in ensuring adherence to the rules applicable to the crossing of our external borders .
How is the situation different from , for example , that regarding the <unk> and Interreg programmes in Eastern Europe ?
The Commission knows why .
Mr President , Mr Wolf &apos;s report on legal convergence has changed considerably as a result of the votes held in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy .
<unk> flu is a global infectious disease , and I would therefore point out that this topic will also have a role to play at the ACP meeting taking place in Vienna next week and that we are going to adopt a resolution in this regard .
It is best at the moment to proceed by dialogue but , as the House will understand , I do not equate dialogue with being <unk> .
The euro is extremely important , as were the removal of borders or the internal market , which , nevertheless , only affect goods and citizens crossing the border at a given time , but it is also a piece of our European identity , which we use every day from morning <unk> night , in all the countries of the Monetary Union and exactly in the same conditions .
I believe that the European Parliament ’ s contributions will be acceptable , in particular the compromises on such sensitive issues as the N + 2 rule , VAT or the statistical effect .
So , let us work out the strategy and carry it through .
We can assure the journalist in question of this institution &apos; s complete solidarity and opposition to this truly disgraceful act of terrorism .
The matter before us is thus Parliament &apos; s opinion on the adoption of this regulation .
Greece has succeeded in <unk> the lessons of the recent history of conflict in the Balkans and has proven , with peace and cooperation initiatives , to be a stabilising factor .
Europe does not choose to defend certain communities or minorities .
Turkey must state clearly that it intends to abolish the death penalty next year or in two years &apos; time and that it intends to release its political prisoners over this period and deal with the Kurdish question during this period .
- <unk> / 2004 – <unk> / 2004 by Mr Lagendijk on behalf of the Group of the Greens / European Free Alliance ; I thank you , Mr President , and I thank the gentleman who felt he had to <unk> out his statement on this important subject in order to book his place in tomorrow &apos;s newspaper .
I therefore reject the Commission ’ s proposals for this .
We naturally also discuss many European issues .
On 27 July the headquarters of the democratic Indonesian party , the <unk> , was <unk> by military and <unk> troops : 5 people dead , 24 disappeared and 149 injured are the minimum figures to be condemned .
I think the Council is responsible for five <unk> of Mr <unk> &apos; s report and for the spending it approves .
In particular , are the target values for sulphur in parts per million for petrol and diesel vehicles still too high at 200 and 350 ?
All these points are important and I can only hope that we will move from the <unk> words of the Green Paper to facts in the White Paper .
Thirdly , this raising of the ceiling will be accompanied by a further effort to <unk> the available appropriations within heading 3 to help the sectors concerned , allowing an increase in the total available funds of ECU 1.2 <unk> .
Finnish <unk> have succeeded in establishing good projects through the programme particularly in the border regions of Russia , and obviously elsewhere .
Mr <unk> mentioned that Europe needs a political dimension , and that is a dimension which we really must find .
These apply , on the one hand , to foodstuffs on which there are already Community regulations , such as chocolate , <unk> and <unk> preparations and to foodstuffs such as milk , that do not require a list of ingredients .
I believe , therefore , that , in accordance with our respective competences , but always in a coordinated fashion , we three Institutions can and must promote sustainable development and appropriate management of globalisation , encouraging New Delhi to wage a decisive war against poverty , in which I am sure it can count on the cooperation of the Union .
That is the kind of attitude that exists .
Even if this should be the case , it is no reason to be <unk> : we will probably all end up paying a little bit more to support the building up of the infrastructure , administration , etc .
that the new candidate countries so badly need .
Commissioner , please help the governments bear the political price which this endeavour and change usually imply .
You rightly drew attention , Mr President , to the historic declaration that Robert Schuman made on 9 May <unk> , at the time the integration idea was put forward .
I think we should , at this moment , at the beginning of December , also consider that solution .
Commissioner Fischler , it was not for nothing that you pointed this out in your letters to the Ministers for Agriculture .
Mr Patten is suggesting a possible EU contribution of about EUR 200 million in 2003-2004 .
This year , within our European Initiative on Democracy and Human Rights , we are also focusing on issues such as equal treatment , women who are victims of gender-based violence in conflict zones , and the trafficking of women and children .
We would greatly improve efficiency by aiming for economies of scale and create optimal flexibility .
He must have heard me and he did hear me .
<unk> against civil liability in respect of the use of motor vehicles is extremely important to European citizens either as the insured or as the victims of an accident .
I can answer that very <unk> : this is entirely a matter for the Member States , which have the right to appoint national members themselves within the framework of the Council Decision of 14 December 2000 .
Madam President , I should like to ask you to make sure that a copy of the complaint made by the Dutch authorities against the directive on patents is made available to Members of Parliament .
In fact , the price of <unk> and the number of new car sales , in no particular order , have long been yardsticks of economic performance in Ireland .
The proposal under discussion today is intended to provide a legal basis at Community level to cover the financing of the United Nations &apos; interim mission in Kosovo and of the Office of the High Representative in Bosnia-Herzegovina .
The referendums should if possible be held on the same date .
The Commission , of course , would have preferred to keep the <unk> on this issue and not to have it discussed in connection with the Community patent .
One of the current priorities is the return of the homeless refugees , making provision for the approaching winter , providing assistance for people who have found temporary shelter with relatives and basic aid for the coming winter months .
This may take the form of special measures including help with language and translations , as well as psychological help .
But I am a <unk> lawyer .
A colleague spoke about it earlier .
This much is clear : ten years after the launch of the SLIM programme , and despite the signing , two years ago , of the ‘ Better lawmaking ’ interinstitutional agreement , there is still a long way to go .
This , however , is not the proposal before the House .
With the awarding of patents in this area we are running the risk of actually discouraging innovation and putting small- and medium-sized enterprises at a disadvantage , something that other people have already pointed out .
You were right in that respect since this is in accordance with the Treaty , which <unk> that the Rules of Procedure shall be adopted by an absolute majority of the Members of Parliament .
But if they are discriminated against if they stay in their country , and forced to pay tax to their homeland if they leave , then confidence in the EU will <unk> .
Question No 40 by Brian Crowley ( <unk> / 02 ) : As Parliament , we cannot do anything else but to ensure that the markets operate clearly and transparently and that we do not give preferential treatment to certain undertakings and not others .
If we had waited for too long to switch on electricity , the <unk> wax would have burnt our <unk> .
In view of the fact that Turkish accession is being <unk> down our throats , I would urge you to stop the nonsense about democracy and respect for public opinion .
So this gives us hope in terms of European integration .
It is the whole problem of the European and world framework , the place of social issues , human issues and citizens .
Finally , I turn to the role of the European Union .
I would like to reassure Mrs Schroedter , who has asked whether in our meetings with the top leaders of the Russian Federation , from Putin and the Foreign Minister to the Deputy Ministers and other high representatives , the Council really says what it is saying now .
Many were <unk> , many were <unk> .
The report of the BSE inquiry shows that the institutional structure cannot function as it exists at present .
No-one controls this money , and this is entirely the responsibility of the Member States and of the Council and , Mrs Rühle , also of the <unk> government in Germany which , despite having previously stated otherwise , is also not now prepared to take this step .
This begs the question as to how much wider the door is to be opened to uncontrollable immigration ?
For gas , we are increasingly dependent on imports from third countries .
It is unacceptable that children are being taken to school on buses without <unk> and that many children are forced to stand due to there being too few seats .
The agreed text is not very clear on this point .
In Denmark , you can be prosecuted for calling the Government &apos;s closest cooperation partner and parliamentary <unk> , <unk> <unk> of the Danish People &apos;s Party , what she is called in every other European country and what European <unk> most recently called her : an <unk> racist .
This point was the most difficult one to reconcile in the Council .
Obviously the presidency will have to make its own comments when it gets the opportunity .
After that , we will discuss lifting the temporary ban on meat and <unk> meal which is now in force .
We do what we can to keep to our deadlines and make our answers to him as comprehensive as possible .
In the light of the new financial perspectives , the continued <unk> between amounts that are <unk> and amounts that are actually spent should also tell us that we can hardly expect to increase the EU budget and increase funding allocations if we are unable to use the money that we already have .
.
Of course the European Union is making a leading contribution through that process to the work of the Stability Pact .
Mr Watson , that is not correct .
It would also be contrary to the undertakings given by the parties to the Dayton peace accord , which specifically makes the granting of economic aid or aid for reconstruction conditional on the countries concerned taking back their refugees and helping to facilitate their return .
This would involve a more regional approach to food aid , helping specific regions to build up their <unk> infrastructure .
I do not have a copy myself yet , but I undertake to ensure , either this afternoon or tomorrow , that this safety study is forwarded straight away to the groups in this Parliament , because it will probably be of great interest to the European Parliament .
<unk> or 40 Members appear to have stood up , and so we must check on the quorum .
Approval of the Minutes The currency which ought to be a powerful symbol of European integration , nevertheless threatens to sow division .
This should be categorically condemned and decisive action taken against it .
Mrs Grossetête spoke about desertification , as did Mr <unk> , Mr <unk> , Mr Maat and Mr Figueiredo .
It is , however , to be hoped that the envisaged annual reports to the Council will be used as a basis for discussion and scrutiny in the European Parliament .
I am indeed grateful to him for emphasising the agricultural side , but in concrete terms this would mean - and this is something we welcome - that the 2002 budget would be taking the first steps towards the required reform of EU agricultural policy .
Another did not contain <unk> root at all and another had not been solely manufactured from <unk> root powder , as was claimed on the label .
It embodies , I hope , some of the key lessons learnt in recent years .
The European Union has been actively helping them in this with various programmes .
Mr President , I should like to congratulate Mr Menrad and Mr Mayer on their reports .
This list is long but it is not comprehensive .
What is crucial , of course , is that we welcome the Member States and that this House - soon to be newly elected - can <unk> on the new President of the Commission , but that is where his and my line of reasoning part ways .
As you all know , we are in what I believe is the most sensitive development of the common agricultural policy , a development which is being judged by global trade itself and by the corresponding European Union agreements .
This notice must not be allowed to become a sword of <unk> hanging over the European Parliament .
<unk> companies can afford to conduct research behind closed doors and to keep new developments under <unk> until the time is right to profit from them in the <unk> .
We also support the introduction of deadlines in the procedures and a better definition of the requirements to be fulfilled in order to offer judicial assistance between the Member States .
The new world order does not permit national resistance .
I believe the Commission is deliberately trying to interfere in a field beyond its competence .
.
The inclusion of air protection and the setting of a maximum intervention percentage for LIFE in the nature protection sector for measures affecting bird species threatened with extinction were also accepted .
I believe that the agenda must be based on basic principles , that is , peace for territories , the Security Council resolutions and that , as I said before , it should include an essential element which is new : the <unk> Initiative , which does not only also offer a framework for the traditional Madrid lines of negotiation , but also introduces a regional aspect which could be of fundamental use in terms of resolving the problem .
I therefore hope , firstly , that our fellow Members will support us in the conciliation - but votes on this area are always very much in agreement - but also that the Council and the Commission will manage to listen to us and that we shall each take a step towards the other .
Among the important amendments introduced are as follows : the <unk> of the ‘ <unk> approach ’ taken in Directive 80 / 68 / EC on groundwater in order to meet the objective of Article 4 of the Framework Directive , ‘ to protect groundwater against pollution and deterioration ’ , tighter restrictions applied to the substances on the list in Annex VIII to the Framework Directive , with a view to preventing long-term contamination , and the need for recovery measures .
We did note your presence and the matter will be rectified .
The reality is rather different .
Mr President , as Mr Martens well knows , we also have an agreement that if there is an issue on the Friday morning that groups feel is <unk> placed , then we would agree to try and find a better place for it or defer it .
The Commission has compiled fundamental questions on the regulation of economic migration in a Green Paper in order to obtain an overview of opinion that is as comprehensive and reliable as possible as a basis for drafting subsequent proposals for regulations .
It concerns <unk> installations using organic <unk> .
It is the only way for the European institutions to prove that they want to carry political responsibility for a world which appears to be ripe for the assault by the forces of the ultimate evil of terrorists for whom human life does not count , irrespective of whether this involves the life of Iraqi <unk> , <unk> or that of Spaniards .
The Commission can and should develop training and vocational programmes and support mechanisms for SME development in this particular sector and we should work with Member States to build safeguards for the rights of authors and the interests of <unk> , and ensure that workers in the industry have the opportunity to develop their capacity in the new age .
The programme has been running for twelve years and the Commission has waited right until it is about to end before considering whether to carry on with it .
The recently proclaimed Charter of Fundamental Rights reinforced our commitment in this regard and the area of freedom , security and justice only makes sense if all three of these elements are taken together and if no one of them prejudices any other .
I nonetheless sense from your answer that there is a very big difference between the status of the individual Member States , as we knew there was before 1 December .
On the second reading Parliament approved the proposal with 13 amendments , including an amendment saying it should cost nothing to have an <unk> telephone number .
Also , it is quite obvious that you , Mr Commissioner , will be safeguarding the European Union by not simply accepting the wishes of Ukraine without imposing certain conditions .
And , in this context , I look symbolically and <unk> in the direction of my highly <unk> colleague Mr Jarzembowski .
We believe that political procedure and dialogue are the only way to achieve a lasting solution to the problem .
<unk> report ( <unk> / 97 ) I believe that such a procedure would give rise to an irrelevant third party in the social dialogue .
If the growth strategy defined by the European Union is to succeed , it needs to be supported .
May the Commissioner take this motto to heart .
Clearly there are very close connections between the two dossiers .
Finally , the Dutch presidency has insisted on deleting age from the non-discrimination article .
My party can be <unk> upon to see to it that my country holds firm to the course of European politics and continues to be rooted in the European community of values !
That is what has to be tackled if we are going to <unk> the skills gap that is <unk> the whole labour market of Europe .
The UN is the sole authority competent to decide in favour of international military intervention , and we must invite the United States to join Europe in committing itself , on the one hand , to multilateralism and respect for international law and , on the other , to reform of the United Nations , particularly as regards the Security Council and the way it is made up .
In fact , for large numbers of people in the least-developed countries , there are no benefits .
I agree with the points made in the amendments and you may be sure that we shall use them to help formulate the definition in line with the interpretation of the European Court of Justice in the <unk> &apos; Flynn case .
An <unk> , integrated approach is required , and I think that it is extremely important that this proposal is on the table .
Relations of the EU and its Member States with China are increasingly improving and being extended .
Indeed , the citizens have taken to the new currency very positively and the speed and ease with which the transition took place should not be forgotten .
So the Council must follow the lead of the European Parliament by showing the required political will and by finding the finance needed to create an internal European market in rail transport .
<unk> in this sector are usually small .
Madam President , there have been a lot of changes between the first and second readings .
The wording within those paragraphs is very significant , especially in paragraph 26 , which mentions encouraging national parliaments to be involved in monitoring European Union funds .
I should like clarification from you , Commissioner .
In the particular case of Mr <unk> ’ s report on European <unk> for cross-border cooperation , I am pleased to be able to tell you that the Commission accepts most of Parliament ’ s amendments .
.
That is why it is also wrong at the present time to mention the names of countries which look today as though they are in a position to fulfil the requirements , because for internal political reasons a country which is in a good position today might fall back again next year , or <unk> <unk> .
That is the message from the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party .
It is in those circumstances that the authority of such an agency will <unk> throughout the European Union and will not only be a good authority in the area of safety and public health but will also provide a degree of consumer confidence that I believe is absolutely essential and will be a <unk> in the way forward .
I have a few comments to make .
Lastly , European cooperation is essential for those who advocate <unk> soft drugs , <unk> too , because if we <unk> them we have to opt out of the existing UN conventions and that can only be done at a European level .
She has done extremely well with the <unk> &apos; s share of her amendments and the amendments which have been adopted by the Commission and Parliament at first reading .
I think we also agree on the need for more concrete and binding rules on the partnership principle .
Thank you again , Mrs Beckett .
Here we also count on the support and understanding of the European Parliament , with whom we want to work together closely .
Furthermore , there is a risk that procedures <unk> those of a police state could be used , which would further the government ’ s short-term political goals while <unk> citizens to long-term and far-reaching surveillance .
As my fourth point I mention <unk> .
We have to do this in the old Union where Europe has become very commonplace because the citizens have had it for too long and also take advantage of <unk> feeling , or rather enthusiasm , in the new Member States .
<unk> steps have been taken .
I would point out that Mr <unk> does not agree with the majority on this .
At the end of my speech I would like to ask a few questions which we would like the Commission to answer .
A debate on the future of social security in the EU is long overdue , and we - the European Parliament - could make a positive contribution to it with all our initiatives .
In the particular case of the candidate countries of central and eastern Europe , the PHARE Programme has helped and continues to help improve nuclear safety there as well as to develop economically and environmentally sound energy strategies for the replacement of the less safe nuclear reactors .
I more than share your concern and while we are closely following the deterioration of the human rights situation in El Salvador , supporting the initiatives organized in the country to defend respect for human rights , what the Commission is actually able to do is have more of a presence in support of this project because outbreaks of violence are occurring , as always in electoral periods .
In my opinion , these proposals still do not address long term policy in this sector .
We have <unk> and our societies have been enriched by their presence .
I have done what I could .
Our goal now must be - if we wish to move forward and spend European taxpayers &apos; money more efficiently in this sector - actually to form a common market , which means dismantling barriers to trade between the Member States in this sector too .
I should simply like to refer to the BSE crisis .
With this in mind , I would just like to highlight three points from the Aldo report .
If we do not achieve this but are content just to implement mutual recognition of decisions , we will be taking a step backwards in the practical integration of Europe .
We must take the public with us , and if they are ready to go down this road with us , we should work together politically to make it happen .
First , there must be a technological necessity for them ; they must not damage health ; they must not <unk> the consumer ; and they must of course show advantages .
The Commission is also implementing the policy against child sex tourism .
According to the figures of the World Health Organisation , in 2000 the worldwide suicide rate was 16 out of 100 000 , which represented a rising trend over the last <unk> .
I regret , however , that we have been unable to reach agreement on better protection of minors .
We call on the Presidency not just to denounce his exile as unacceptable .
We have put in place in this legislation - the best legislation in the world on this issue - providing free market authorisation , monitoring , labelling and labelling supported by traceability to give it the appropriate level and full credibility .
The Union could not do so satisfactorily with the Treaty in its present form and those who think that this would be a feasible option by returning to outdated ideas - like that of a free trade area - have a very curious perception of the real world .
<unk> , however , we secured the 2009 review with our full involvement in the review process .
What we can do and what we will do is talk to the developing countries , with whom we are already working , to ensure that this happens .
This means that more posts are saved than new posts requested .
Although there is a formal acknowledgement that the principle of subsidiarity needs to be observed , it is a <unk> phrase .
The report is quite detailed and has been published , Mrs Lulling , and I shall take the opportunity to send you a copy of it - you might find it interesting .
Whatever you decide , the Commission will take account of it and respect it .
Some of Europe &apos;s weakest inhabitants are its animals , on which we depend for food , so the least we can do for them is to transport them in civilised conditions .
I therefore see no need for a framework directive in this area .
That really is enough .
I also wish to remember a young academic who <unk> all around the country in order to create the first Danish resistance movement , while the government <unk> with the German occupying power .
If we want a Europe we should also have European parties .
They are criminals who are preaching to the victims of their own criminal action .
( Parliament adopted the text ) That has been repeated several times , and I can only endorse the words of Mr <unk> , Mrs <unk> , Mr Pompidou and Ms Oddy .
Mr Whitehead and Mr <unk> , I would like you to think a little about our European culture , which , Mr Whitehead , is represented by <unk> a quality wine or <unk> in moderation , as part of festivities .
What we are due to discuss is Mr Rothley &apos;s report on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs .
Most manufacturers do not have a product <unk> that <unk> in quite that way .
There are several : mass <unk> , the ‘ call effect ’ .
At the same time , the European Parliament needs to step up efforts to ensure that the new system functions are monitored efficiently by calling for regular progress reports .
I would nonetheless repeat what I said in my introduction .
There is a genuine human fear at the heart of many of these <unk> of a child .
The only alternative to peace is peace , but to make this possible Europe must take practical action .
Mr President , we see Israel ’ s departure from Gaza as very positive , and it must represent the beginning of a new process leading to peace in the Middle East .
I particularly highlight land issues .
Indeed , you raise some important issues that affect not only Europe but also its partners , especially those on the southern shores of the Mediterranean , as demonstrated by this morning &apos;s debate on the constant development of production and the <unk> of textiles manufacturing .
The European Parliament has a different responsibility , and should not get involved in such a forum .
Mr President , the main question that came to the fore during today &apos;s debate was to what extent the candidate countries are ready for accession .
The overseas territories absolutely must continue to benefit from a level of aid equal to that currently in force .
Nevertheless , this figure would be <unk> if I were not to give two additional figures , or make two additional comments .
Madam President , would you please bear in mind that our group is called <unk> of the Greens / European Free Alliance &apos; , that it has two components and that this is a new group and should be referred to as such .
This is a partly misleading indicator because it does not , for example , take account of how important public and community services are to the poor .
As we all know , under the reform of the Common fisheries policy , the Commission has made <unk> changes to management policies and to fishing fleet renewal policies .
It is in our interest to ensure that Europe <unk> into a stronger political entity .
In conclusion , I believe that island regions clearly illustrate the challenge posed for Europe as a whole , which is to move towards a stronger Community , which is developed more <unk> and which has greater solidarity .
I am extremely pleased to be taking part for the first time in a debate in the European Parliament with the High Representative .
My assessment is that the main reason why there is not more investment in Burma is the policies pursued by the regime there .
Is this <unk> , or is it motivated by suspect interests ?
The intermediate solution which we are negotiating with them is a geographical framework with a maximum of 3 or 4 levels of sensitivity .
But I am firmly convinced that the answer to the unemployment problem does not lie in undermining the independence of the European Central Bank .
I hope we can , but I doubt it .
Respect peace !
It does not seek to impose on other Member States the existing law of one Member State ; it is simply an attempt at mutual enforcement of these custody orders .
Nothing .
Nonetheless , we did so because we were keen to ensure that the Convention could be launched tomorrow .
Mr President , my congratulations to Mrs Figueiredo and to the Committees on Culture and Women &apos;s Rights for their contributions to the final text of the report .
In any case , we have to accept that a Europe with 25 members cannot be <unk> and must obey the model of <unk> <unk> .
The report should form a basis for a detailed , wide-ranging debate that enables conclusions to be drawn in 2006 .
I thank you , Mr President-in-Office , for the efforts that you have made in the last few hours .
– Mr President , even though we are all <unk> from the terrorist act in Spain , there is a matter on which I would ask you to provide the Members of this House with full information .
Of course we need to be clear about what constitutes undesirable trading practices .
Its main task was to make proposals about how the position of employees could be defined in the statute of the planned European public company .
That cannot be the intention , if I have understood everyone correctly .
This is in fact the position which was endorsed by the Council , because we feel that it may have a positive impact .
What is more , it looks like he is increasingly on his own in his <unk> rejection of the use of the instrument of reduced rates of VAT , which is still being deployed as an experiment , to promote employment .
I really must insist that Members observe the limits on their speaking time .
We still have major anxieties about the situation of the Roma , not only in respect of Slovakia , in fact .
Can the Council provide a list of <unk> judgments which Turkey continues to ignore ?
Referring again to the three categories of amendments , and more specifically to the political ones , our group is opposed to the so-called <unk> censure motion &apos; provided for in Amendment No 14 .
Mr President , Members of the European Parliament , I would like to thank you for your speeches ; they have been very constructive .
There is reasonable hope that a basis for a peace agreement can be built in the near future .
Rather than there being any need for a European model , it is the Member States or the <unk> acting on their behalf that are competent in these matters .
This spring contained the seeds of the <unk> and tensions of the summer of 1991 , during which Slovenia won its independence .
The results will lead to a qualified exchange of experience with the Council , the Commission and the social partners on employee protection and social standards , on the conditions for greater mobility and flexible working hours , and , I have no doubt , on opportunities for young people , of whom so many are with us at this very moment in the gallery .
Mr President , it is a question of the dignity of this House , as has already been said .
It is reprehensible to treat poor persons and backward regions as though they were objects , by means of <unk> and <unk> aid measures aimed at broadening the spheres of influence of the modern <unk> .
Like Mr Van Hulten I commend the way he worked with other people and was prepared to take on ideas and <unk> from other political groups .
Mr President , Commissioners , in Parliament we have held hearings concerning the <unk> of Workers Directive , and these have shown that there is nothing wrong with the directive itself , even if it is complicated .
Although I feel that the legislative proposal is consistent with the new common fisheries policy , I do not agree with some points in the version tabled by the Commission , which I feel would penalise Community fishermen .
I am sure that Members are aware that at the General Affairs Council on Monday , at the first opportunity that was available to us during our presidency , we reaffirmed our concern to promote democratic reform in Cuba but we also recalled our deep concern , already expressed in the European Council at Florence , at the <unk> effects of the Helms-Burton legislation .
An energy plan consisting of energy savings and involving energy from the permanent energy sources of sun , wind and waves , with <unk> as the energy carrier , is more than enough to cover the needs of the planet .
.
Ever since the report and conclusions of the Committee on Inquiry into the Community <unk> System , it has been apparent that one of the main reasons for the high level of corruption affecting the European budgetary process is the fact that we have on one hand a European body responsible for the internal market , and on the other some 15 more or less reliable <unk> of this same internal market , who in some cases are obliged to use operating methods which are practically <unk> .
The Union will therefore support the work of the <unk> Panel on <unk> , <unk> and Change .
The transport of animals is characterized mainly by the cruelty , <unk> and <unk> treatment animals are forced to go through .
May we hope that we will work in a multilateral manner , in contrast to the unilateral <unk> of our US allies .
On that occasion , questions such as the usefulness of an EU declaration on the Western Sahara issue and the best possible time for making it will also be discussed .
He has brought about plans for a formidable threat to the region .
Solidarity between the different generations , solidarity among the older generation and hence , the priority of guaranteeing the quality of pension schemes , will form an essential task and responsibility of the Belgian Presidency , admittedly after the homework in Gothenburg has been handed in .
To do so would be not just an offence against safety ; we would also be <unk> human rights <unk> if we were to exploit these countries for the purposes of research that we find too <unk> .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we are debating the crisis in the Community &apos;s fishing industry .
This is a new measure agreed on in November .
We say &apos;yes &apos; to the agricultural conversion rate and &apos;no &apos; to the customs rate .
This , in my opinion , is disgraceful .
Its significance goes beyond Austria and even the Alpine region as a whole .
As we have seen from what happened to the Prestige and the Erika , pilots have to answer for the safety of ships .
In the end , it is in fact European structural policy which will be called into question .
At any event , I think that Mr Papoutsis &apos; demand is a good one in that we should explain to our <unk> , our private companies , our public administrations that we do not want to replace national policies but to complement them .
I do not want , of course , to appear <unk> of several helpful developments that the Commission has insisted on , such as the unit for organizing the management of the <unk> and the establishment of the Greek investment centre to help foreign investors , but there are serious problems that must be resolved because the overall take-up rate stands at less than 50 % , and in crucial sectors , such as health and education , where there is total <unk> , and industry , where the take-up rate is extremely low , there are very special problems .
<unk> , legally and socially , Poland , and especially the Baltic States still have much ground to make up .
This is the backbone of the single European currency .
Others are of the opinion that something should nevertheless be done .
We do not intend to launch a new process in Lisbon as a successor to the Luxembourg , Cardiff and Cologne processes .
EUR <unk> billion for the next twelve months can be used to set one or two things in train , so that the people in the region are at last able to see that we are serious when we make our <unk> statements about securing stability in the region .
How can I understand - and we are trying to understand it better through this debate - that the agreement is still something to come and therefore the traffic can only find <unk> in other areas , on other routes of communication like the very important one which links the <unk> d <unk> with France and which is at risk , if things carry on this way , of <unk> and calls for doubling the <unk> of the <unk> <unk> motorway which would be catastrophic for the countries , the <unk> and the citizens who <unk> the regions the motorway must cross .
The question obviously still remains as to how you produce a Directive on phasing in renewable energies , and providing compensation which actually covers the costs .
Enforcement can be a complex task .
If Europe is based on anything , it is based on democracy and respect for the other nations and Turkey cannot <unk> in and <unk> this place and insult institutions and values which Europe sorely needs .
Is that so ?
This will give the entire programme the flexibility which it has been lacking hitherto and help to prevent funds being <unk> .
Then let me re-emphasise the need for a shift in resources to basic health , if our rhetoric is to be translated into effective action .
I can perhaps interpret the Minister &apos; s response as a promise that this kind of procedure , whereby the Council of Ministers decides upon a policy document without involving this Parliament beforehand , will not occur in future .
We do not know exactly what the situation is at present .
I accept Mr Mayer &apos;s apologies .
I would like to say that this is a complex issue .
Five months ago , the same Lord <unk> had the <unk> to tell the Scottish farmers that Scotland can lead the UK out of the beef export ban .
Mr Walter , I would have expected you to table a motion here today to <unk> the funds from the reserve .
These new functions will , of course , have to be adopted in total compliance with our citizens &apos; individual rights , freedoms and guarantees , with strict control of the use of personal data available in the SIS .
The so-called Stability and Growth Pact and the independence of the European Central Bank are starving the authorities of the resources to cope with the crisis .
On a French public radio station , a doctor claimed that victory for the ‘ no ’ camp would be a disaster for AIDS research .
The vote will take place at the end of this afternoon ’ s debates .
Nor should we go back on targets on which a commitment has already been given for 2015 , such as the 50 % reduction in people living in conditions of extreme poverty , the two-thirds reduction in current infant mortality rates and the universal provision of primary education for all of the world &apos; s children , boys and girls .
The aim of the proposal is to provide potential buyers of new private vehicles with information on fuel consumption with a view to persuading them to choose the most economical models .
It only remains for us to hope now that the Directive can be adopted as quickly as possible so as to spare credit institutions in the European Union the hardship of having to compete on an uneven <unk> with their <unk> counterparts .
As we all know , the Treaty of Rome made no provision at all in this area .
It is also impossible to produce correct figures on what is not being fished , on what is not being reported under the quotas , so we have no idea how much we are talking about , and the <unk> &apos; models for what quotas should be adopted in the future will not be correct either .
The European Council decided that joint investigative groups should be set up to counter , initially , trafficking in drugs and humans , as well as terrorism .
We must not forget either our wish to see the European Commission being given the human and material resources to accomplish its work in this area in the best possible way .
Tomorrow it will be the <unk> waters .
Health education , diet , the fight against smoking , sport , moderate exposure to the sun , like many measures at national level and behaviour at an individual level , will enable us to prevent these <unk> <unk> from developing .
I find that <unk> , and I think that , in reality , industry is quite cynically helping to prevent the ideal situation for patients who have to be given blood , namely that blood and <unk> are <unk> without remuneration and thus from an established and stable body of donors .
Our thoughts are , I am sure , with their families .
The numbers of patients will be far in excess of the doctors available , who are mostly male .
Neither does it matter that the provision in German law under which he is charged has no <unk> in other countries ; nor whether such legislation is unreasonable .
Mr President , it is difficult to speak in this House which barely <unk> a genuine Parliament .
<unk> come to my coast , for example , for the <unk> .
After all , if Austria stands by its view , I do not know what we should do with this decision .
In my opinion , coming to the aid of needy elderly people throughout Europe is one of the goals which we would be very happy to see achieved over these next five years .
At the same time , I very much appreciate the argument concerning the labelling of beef and beef products which , as has been stated in the European Parliament &apos;s Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , has to be made compulsory and not just voluntary .
Only a report from an EU institution could say with such a straight face that this is a powerful recipe for success , at least in terms of delivering legislation .
Moreover , the markets in goods and services also need to be opened up as they provide the greatest number of jobs .
The Commission has stated quite clearly that it wants to reduce its influence on this matter and we have no access to these procedures , which very often prevents justice from being done .
Unfortunately , we have to establish that the largest producers of small arms and light weapons , namely the US , Russia and China , are also the most <unk> opponents to international legislation in the style of Ottawa .
Finally , we denounce the neighbouring countries supporting the armed groups operating within the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
There is less money being invested in conflict prevention .
Mrs Prets ’ report is timely in avoiding the debate on what constitutes , on the one hand , trafficking and , on the other , prostitution .
I will not go into the details .
I hope that in our future dealings with this region that will no longer be a feature .
That competition cannot be considered in current terms , because the use of those technologies is undergoing a dramatic increase and we therefore have to view the issue with a little perspective .
For example , in the Council of Europe and the ILO , there is a wealth of experience in terms of reporting procedures , expert committees and the collective right of complaint of trade unions and NGOs , and it is through these means that the Charter can be monitored from a legal perspective .
It seems to me to be an argument for not tabling the Herman Report in this part-session but after the decision on 2 May .
The bigger EU States like France , Germany and the United Kingdom <unk> about 30 % of GDP in the 1960s as against 60 % today , but they enjoyed much faster economic growth at that time than they do now .
What we do not want is for the right of asylum to be eroded , nor do we want covert immigration by way of asylum .
.
– Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the Lisbon European Council of 2000 marks an important <unk> for European politics in general and for research and the knowledge-based society in particular .
Before we are too <unk> I would , however , draw attention to the problem of the Code of Good Administrative <unk> .
In line with the promise I made at the plenary sitting of 17 June , this included various modifications suggested by Parliament to our initial proposal , namely Amendments Nos 1 , 2 , 7 and 8 to the first proposal .
On the summit agenda will be proposals for a stability pact to boost job creation , measures to encourage small and medium-sized businesses , measures to boost investment in trans-European networks and measures to ensure that the single market operates more effectively .
Therefore our request to the Commission is that it provide more precise information , both on the progress and timetabling of these actions and on the relevant sources of finance .
This message actually goes further , and clearly demonstrates that a proposal applicable to substantially different ports , in which forced liberalisation is liable to lead to economically damaging monopolies and , lastly , a proposal with terrible social consequences cannot realistically be accepted by representatives of the people of Europe .
If these changes are made , we can keep the Turks in Europe , welcoming this secular state with its Muslim people as our ally in the fight against terrorism and extremism .
Because <unk> are , particularly in Africa , those who have most frequent contact with the appalling consequences of this situation .
The procedure whereby decisions are taken is confused and vague .
I would like to concentrate on two of those issues today : human rights – because I know this is of great concern to many honourable Members of this Parliament – and the nuclear issue , because it has the potential , if not handled correctly , to overshadow the entirety of Iran ’ s relationships with the international community , including the European Union .
Mrs Pack says <unk> hope so &apos; , and so do I. I sincerely hope that we are given a text that will serve as a legal basis for setting up European programmes , rather than as an escape clause so that <unk> sport can avoid European rules .
They are often under heavy social pressure , must adhere to certain times and are sometimes <unk> to the fact that they are transporting people .
By the same token , within this Interinstitutional Agreement , the Council has left substantial margins within the ceilings of the financial perspective established in 1999 , largely for heading 3 - internal policy - and for heading 4 - external action .
.
And I say that if the European Parliament had had codecision rights in respect of Agenda 2000 , a different decision would have been taken in Berlin .
Since then , the number of migrant workers and the range of languages spoken by migrants in the Union have increased considerably , and the Union itself has increased .
In our opinion , it would have been more appropriate to delay the decision on accession until the Commission has presented its next progress report .
We well remember the <unk> given to OLAF in connection with this by the European Ombudsman .
The energy sector in the Balkan region is <unk> and continues to suffer the consequences of a war that took place a decade ago .
The proposal is to incorporate this into the European Forest Law Enforcement , Governance and Trade process , which I welcome .
I also realise , and some of you know more about this than I do , that the Philippines may also have a little score to settle with me , but looking at the text of the motion on the Philippines , the words <unk> the newly elected President , according to a Reuters report , has said on radio that he would not grant <unk> to Oomen-Ruijten , one of those under sentence of death &apos; really seem to be going a little too far .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , my congratulations to the rapporteur , Mrs <unk> .
.
Mr President , I have been a Member here ever since we first introduced electronic voting , and during that time there must have been hundreds of mistakes .
Can we not in some way have an influence in those countries with which we maintain these commercial and political relations ?
To sum up , I have reason to doubt this European project that , faced with ignorance and , at times , the distrust of our citizens , responds in a technocratic and dogmatic fashion by trying to <unk> power from the States and from local authorities , which efficiently manage the daily lives of citizens .
I <unk> the full title of this directive because it is important to recognise what it does encompass and what it does not encompass .
The directive before you today is framed within the actions intended to achieve this objective .
Let me make myself very clear : if these groups &apos; amendments were to be adopted , I would be forced , after the votes had been taken , to ask the House to reject my own report .
I regret to say that it is since a certain right-wing party , the party of Mr Sharon , took control of Israel that , as a result of that appalling right-wing policy , the world has lost control of the overall situation .
These reports are a good way of starting the process .
Where the Seville Summit is concerned , digital TV will be included in the Europe 2005 action plan .
We only hope that the situation in Iraq and the Middle East does not give rise to such a degree of uncertainty in connection with the 2003 budget that it could entail problems for the other areas within external policy .
When will the Commission lift the interim decision of 5 March 2003 , given that it is clearly in breach of Community legislation on the protection of citizens &apos; personal data ?
<unk> enough , however , the text , which is presented as forward-looking , has the effect of strengthening the concept of States within the Union , which I am sure was the desired objective .
<unk> is carried out in large units and economic considerations are thus often more important than people &apos;s health .
I welcome the excellent work of the rapporteur , who has given voice to the fishermen ’ s legitimate expectations that these Councils will be set up .
But in my view , free will can go a long way .
Our third and last comment concerns the budgetary basis for these measures .
Mr President , it may be that the Council will make one in the course of this week on the basis of Article 37 , but if it does not , I am serving notice now that we shall be requesting either a statement or - and this may perhaps appeal to other Members of the House - an oral question with debate .
That would make your arguments consistent with each other .
That is the thinking you have only just begun to take on board at the Council .
That is my view but my actual question is this : when will the next decisions be taken ?
On the other hand , I have to say how much we regret that the Council and , especially , the Commission , have put us in such a difficult position .
It is only with sufficient political commitment that administrations will be prepared to resort to faster and more informal methods for problem solving wherever possible .
And then two paragraphs later , the identification of the structural assistance interventions in the eligible regions is <unk> , and this leads to the inclusion of a large number of estimates and <unk> which are difficult to verify .
In my view , the Member States must not fall into the easy temptation of only implementing reduction measures that entail low costs in both economic and political terms .
Who then benefits from the stability of the <unk> and teams ?
Issues like these , including the <unk> Morris issue , demonstrate at any rate that if Parliament , the Council and the Commission join forces , organised crime and <unk> networks , which are , in fact , also used for other products like drugs , can certainly be tackled adequately .
We will measure to see whether we really have <unk> fewer greenhouse gases or not .
Parliament is now accepting the amendment of its proposal and will only be allowing ECU 150 million .
It is certainly a challenge , but we must accept it for the sake of coming generations .
I hope that you , Mr President , can pass on a request to DG I that maybe one of these days they could organise a <unk> debate for an important social dossier such as this one .
I am surprised that the European Convention on Human Rights is so weak .
I would like to say something about border management .
It cannot specify the roles and responsibilities of healthcare workers regarding euthanasia because Member States have the sole competence in this area .
This action should be reserved for Member States .
When the foreign minister of FYROM reports to the Political and Security Committee of the Council in Brussels on Friday , she will be in a position to speak about substantial progress , because the alternative is frankly too awful to contemplate .
Our position must be <unk> .
The <unk> has enlarged its membership to 19 states , and I believe has a chance to develop its relationship with the European Union .
The countries which have joined the European Union most recently will therefore not be affected .
When references were being made earlier on to hostility on the part of people in the United States towards the European Union , I did not expect to hear quite so much hostility to the United States on behalf of Members of the European Parliament , particularly from Mr <unk> who sits behind me and Mrs <unk> who sits opposite me .
Finally , I would like to discuss this commitment from all in the sense that , as <unk> <unk> said , in order to be happy we need three things : the courage to accept the things that we cannot change , enough determination to change the things that we can change and the wisdom to know the difference between the two .
At the same time , however , our sympathy should be with the thousands of Israelis who have lost their homes in the Gaza <unk> , where they had lived for decades .
We therefore support the decision that this initiative should be treated as a legislative initiative by the European Parliament .
He prevented , and voted against , the <unk> of funds to the second pillar for innovation , work and the environment and for the economic development of rural areas .
Why ?
Indeed , 80 % of Romania &apos;s people believe that Romania belongs in the European Union .
We shall certainly have the opportunity to examine the results of these measures over the next few years .
I welcome Mr <unk> , who is in the Chamber for the first time for this debate .
For our part , we want an approach that is neither fragmented nor unbalanced , one that covers the industry as a whole , as a production line , with special attention to labour-intensive activities .
Mr President , I wish to concentrate my observations on two areas of this report in particular .
I ask you : Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , following a rather long and difficult negotiation , in the end we are going to have a Directive which , as well as being ambitious , is realistic and , above all , capable of being applied , because the dates and quantitative objectives set in it are well-balanced .
We have discussed huge transfer sums , but not the hundreds of thousands of people who give their private lives and free time to work with young people and their sports clubs .
I would like to remind this House that you were also the first woman to become Finance Minister in your country in 1979 , 27 years ago now .
It can be organized by way of monopolies , competition or various forms of mixed enterprise , or it can be on a contract basis .
On behalf of independent members of People ’ s Party – <unk> in Slovakia , I express our support for the call made by the European <unk> of police <unk> to change the system of management of police forces in Slovakia , and convey our request that the matter be investigated by the European Commission .
In France , for example , the unequal distribution of the population over a vast territorial area makes the obligation to provide a public service absolutely indispensable in mail distribution if one wishes to maintain the equality of citizens and social cohesion .
That is clear and , given that the greater part of the budget falls within the agricultural sector , it was only to be expected .
Such an analysis will also resolve the question of how much time is spent by the agency on evaluating commercial products or carrying out public health related tasks on behalf of the Community as a whole .
Having been referred back to committee , the d &apos;Ancona report on European drugs policy has emerged looking considerably more balanced .
Mr President , I think that , all in all , I have given the honourable Member a very accurate answer , although it may not be the answer she wants to hear .
I would like to take the opportunity offered by your maiden speech to underline the fact that our first contact with these Commissioners has confirmed what you have said : we have ten first-rate Commissioners , and that is a really <unk> fact .
Today , we have a kind of <unk> controlling <unk> and the surrounding area , who <unk> Moscow .
This is demonstrated by the fact that we are currently producing a very significant own-initiative report , the rapporteur for which is our <unk> , Mrs Miguélez , on the causes of accidents involving fishing vessels in the European Union .
I would like to once again stress to my fellow Members that the Commission made an extremely progressive proposal , which can be expected to have an impact in <unk> for the candidate countries .
I have proposed that costs must on no account be an obstacle to the ability of an entity to bring legal proceedings .
I might add that what is true of the Socialists is also true of the Greens .
I would ask the honourable Members , as I have repeatedly asked the <unk> People &apos;s Movement , to make this their top priority in their countries .
From the conversations I have had with them , I understand that China sees accession to the WTO as an essential element in the continuation of these twenty years of reforms , and , therefore , a continuation of this growth which has allowed internal tensions to be kept under control , here or there .
I can , however , assure you once again that the Commission services are considering this issue as a priority .
Madam President , I voted against the Spencer report on the common foreign and security policy .
<unk> report ( <unk> / 2000 ) : However , excessive use or <unk> environmental charges risk having the opposite effect .
- ( FR ) Turkey &apos; s application for membership of the European Union will probably be on the agenda of the next European Council meeting in Helsinki .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , a status solution is the best option for Kosovo and for that reason we should support the efforts of UN Special <unk> Ahtisaari to find one , using all possible means .
That became clear earlier , in the course of the voting on my proposals regarding substances harmful to health , such as asbestos and <unk> in paint .
But because its consequences have lost some of their <unk> , it will be regarded as being more academic in nature and carry rather less weight .
We know how difficult it has been for them on many occasions and how they have had to overcome many obstacles .
Once this document has been formally adopted - indeed it has not yet been adopted as we are waiting upon Parliament to express its opinion - we can expect an immediate answer from Turkey .
This is why we are expressing our commitment to the United Nations , our determination to seek creative international solutions in order to improve prospects in Africa – as I have said , Africa will be our priority – and our desire to promote the quick completion of the Doha development round .
It is not a point of order .
We are now considering and organizing the legal framework for the market but we are not organizing the instruments we need to combat the growth of crime in the required form .
Let us ask ourselves the question once and for all : Why is it that we are obliged to talk about a Eurodac system at all ?
How far has the Commission supported development projects with disabled people in ACP States in the past , and does it intend disabled people to be considered as a special target group for development in the Commission &apos;s policies in the future ?
It could well be that this information is available from the site of the Greek Ministry of Health and Welfare , but I would not be able to read it because that information is in Greek .
Secondly , we need a decision to make the Charter an integral part of the Treaties .
My second question is does BSE have anything to do with the size of the farm ?
The plant has 6 <unk> water reactors of Soviet design , numbers 1 to 4 of which are of the <unk> <unk> 230 type and are among the most antiquated and the most dangerous .
Information and communication will therefore receive particular attention .
This concerns the use of a single conversion rate for the conversion to national currencies of all expenses relating to the import of agricultural products , which are expressed in ECU .
She has called on the Commission to develop a kind of roadmap , which , while it has not been discussed in this house officially , will nevertheless guide us in tackling the difficult topic of BSE and <unk> in the future .
There is also a joint declaration which will permit : the establishment of a regular political dialogue ; the reinforcement of democratic principles and institutions as well as respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities ; and the Republic &apos;s full integration into the community of democratic nations .
The plan for the management of the external borders of the Member States of the European Union , approved by the Council at its meeting on 12 and 13 June 2002 , makes provision , in the final paragraph , for the setting up of a European <unk> of <unk> <unk> .
But in any event , ladies and gentlemen , there is no doubt that each and every one of you has made a great effort , and so have Parliament &apos;s services .
There is only one area of serious concern , and that is where the rapporteur extends the principle of conditionality to the area of debt relief .
I shall conclude by recalling that one of the points highlighted by the report is this very lack of information , resulting in the <unk> development of a sense of European citizenship .
They are dragging us into <unk> with Russia , <unk> with China and the same with Iran .
Secondly , it is certainly regrettable that Lithuania is not at present among the first wave of applicants .
That is what we have to preserve and that , if we do not carry out the appropriate reforms , will be very difficult to preserve in a Europe of 28 .
We can debate it in September but it is unfortunate because the matter ought to have gone before the Council this week .
The problem is widespread , most of all because of the size of the workforce - some 3 million people throughout Europe .
It is in the light of this reminder that I must examine certain proposals that you have put forward , Mr <unk> .
First of all , therefore , I should like to join in thanking the rapporteur , and wish to offer her my sincere congratulations on the difficult work she has done .
That is not to say that everything in the public sector has been perfect , but in our view a lot of the claims made for liberalisation in this report are highly questionable .
Finally , I feel that I should again point out that we made Turkey an offer with the Helsinki strategy .
Another extremely important point is that provision has now been made for vehicle checks on all main roads within the European Union .
We want to find a solution that takes into account Russia &apos;s problems , but at the same time respects the sovereignty of Lithuania and the rules of the Schengen cooperation .
Today this is not the case , and this deficiency is the reason for the imbalance .
First of all , the threshold values must be lowered .
I have voted against this proposal to extend the regulation concerning the common organization of the market for raw tobacco .
The only way of resolving this situation is not the one chosen by the Commission - continuing on the present course with a few minor adjustments to take account of new thinking - no , my group stands completely behind Mrs Dybkjær , who has preferred to define the objectives of the revised action programme much more clearly , linking them to established data on which action must be taken .
For six long years , these people – who have devoted their lives to saving lives and caring for their fellow human beings – have <unk> in prison in Libya in <unk> conditions .
The long process of negotiation between the Commission , the Council , Parliament and other interested parties , which eventually took a year despite the modest scope of the issue , provided confirmation of the complexities involved in the task of seeking to balance regulation in this area .
<unk> means diagnosis .
Mr Rübig , the answer to your question is yes .
We must ensure that countries do not use emissions trading as a way of getting round the domestic measures which they ought to take .
But it will at least save me time , time that I can use to better effect by talking about something else , namely content , and this is , after all , the thing that really matters .
In <unk> , we therefore need to draw up a genuine list of indicators and a strategy to assess and put into perspective sustainable development .
It is true that some convincing will be required , but , once again , I , for my part , fully intend , with Parliament ’ s backing , to take action so as to progress these projects , which were nonetheless , I would point out , defined by the Member States themselves .
Last week we had Copenhagen .
It is even more important that the other changes between compromise Amendment No 3 and Amendment No 9 are reinstated , specifically that allowing the cost of financing facilities which have the express consent of the majority of users and of their representative bodies through consultation arrangements under Article 7 .
Basically , the Council has decided that future coins will have one European side and one national side - but nothing of the sort for notes .
I would like to draw your attention to the problems of small enterprises and business development in the new Member States of the European Union .
I will undertake to raise with the Commission the comments made by the honourable Member .
In my native state of Bavaria , for example , we are taking a different path because <unk> is going to be left to general practitioners .
During my many visits to the Balkans , generally together with <unk> Pack , I have scarcely met anyone who <unk> of a Greater Albania .
However , there are very important points which we need to bear in mind .
- Report : <unk> ( <unk> / 2004 ) Finally , I would say to Mr <unk> <unk> that I am grateful for his support on the analysis of the public finances for 2002 and the quality of public finances .
This directive , of course , enjoys the support of the three institutions , the Commission , the Council and Parliament , because we know that it will mean something positive for our citizens .
The European Parliament and the Commission should try to convince the Member States to take a more coordinated approach to frequency <unk> .
<unk> by consensus means that the conclusions reached by the Governing Council as a whole on a certain decision , in a certain direction , or to decide not to change anything , are supported by the entire Governing Council , by some more enthusiastically than others , but this does not require a vote .
As a result of the considerable potential that these EURES cross-border structures offer in terms of local development , decentralised social dialogue and specific development of cross-border mobility , being able to work in another country without changing residence is clearly another priority for the future .
This gives me , as rapporteur , real satisfaction .
It is incredible that we should have to put up with a situation in which the EU , which has not been able to solve these problems nearly so well as ourselves , is to tell us what to do .
It is unacceptable for us to slaughter animals on a large scale again in the future , as we have done in the past .
The social partners have a responsibility , because in future it will not be possible for people to simply sit down and negotiate about loans and general terms of employment .
The fact that we have had to wait for almost ten years after the fall of the Berlin wall in order to initiate negotiations which recognize as fully European the Poles , <unk> , <unk> , all those who have been <unk> together under the dreadful <unk> <unk> and who have written the pages of European history as much as we have , and participated in the development of its civilization to the same extent as we have .
Let us begin , however , with what has been done .
Moreover , the Commission <unk> to take measures to improve aviation security , ranging from access to the <unk> to luggage checks .
It should be recorded that when the preliminary draft budget for 1997 was being presented , the Commission made it very clear that it did not include provisions for the ECU <unk> to which Mr <unk> referred ; it did not include the Commission &apos;s proposal for that increase in the financial <unk> of the fourth framework programme .
The rapporteur wishes me to commend this report to the House .
With regard to Friday , there do not appear to have been any further developments , and in any case , this will also be brought to the attention of the Conference of Presidents .
The <unk> report is about improving combined transport .
As far as the new Greek presidential decree is concerned , article 10 on transitional arrangements makes provision for certain successive contracts to be converted to open-ended contracts of employment .
Member States and the European Union must deal with this situation as a matter of urgency and in a way that matches people &apos; s needs .
I hope the Commissioner will confirm that tonight .
Thanks to her method of working we have a very good report with which we , as European Union , are able to fulfil a part of our , as it were , leading role in this field .
They also keep women in subordinate roles .
( Applause ) Would it not be preferable to wait , for instance , until euro coins have been in circulation for five years ?
The second point is that this coordination has three aspects : to establish the basis of a coherent and effective economic policy at European Union level ; to ensure political debate on the various economic choices ; and to improve the decision-making process to ensure effectiveness and transparency .
This is not the Commission which failed so <unk> in the past , it is a new Commission .
I would just like to briefly pick up on the comments you made about <unk> marriages , which caused you to shake your head .
Since 1992 these clauses have been incorporated systematically , not incidentally , into agreements with third countries , so all our new external agreements have this clause as an essential part of the bilateral agreement .
The point of constructing Europe in the first place was to establish peace , and to cause it to take root , after so many pointless <unk> wars ; establishing peace and , consequently , democracy , since they go together .
<unk> parts of the Commission &apos;s proposal for a regulation are constructive .
My question is as follows : Does the Commission intend the policy which must be developed on sport , particularly in view of the concentration of power which is occurring in the audiovisual media , to lead to a joint action between her Directorate-General and the one responsible for defending competition ?
She does not feel that she gets help from the Council and so I would like to ask you , Mr <unk> : will you promise to take the matter up at some time or other during the Luxembourg Presidency , to speak <unk> to the Ministers , and to ask them to go home and get the money paid back to the Union which they owe .
Parliament and the other institutions need to operate in a way that gains trust and respect .
We must ensure free and unrestricted provision of services throughout the entire territory of the Union .
Training , employment and competitiveness are firmly <unk> .
<unk> interpretations of the Treaty and of the Stability Pact have led to uncertainties over the methods of budgetary supervision .
However , there were parts of this new legislation that were new , innovative and worthy of adoption .
Such attacks incite violence and do nothing to reconcile their positions and search for compromises , merely serving to add confusion and desperation in the area and in the rest of the world .
And who knows , there may yet be a <unk> <unk> alliance at the IGC to have sport included in the Amsterdam Treaty , which is what Parliament has long wished to see .
Europe , which has every interest in promoting international security and strategic stability , must ensure its voice is heard in the international community , setting out in clear terms the way ahead towards a gradual reduction in nuclear arms deployment and a consequent progressive disarmament .
The <unk> is designed to contribute to the reduction of poverty and the creation of economic growth .
I support the Bullmann report , which recommends public investment and social legislation .
This is very much against ICAT rules and I really think we have to address it .
For example , a number of people want the requirements also to extend to the quality of water used in recreational activities and want the quality of such water regularly to be monitored .
It is very important to my mind that the Commission has adopted this and that there is now a duty to justify one ’ s actions .
If we declare our wish for <unk> and equally weighted financial subsidy , both of sales promotion measures and of an information campaign , then we are failing to make the clear political statement which is so important in the struggle against BSE and its effects .
It is true that our regulations are strict .
I am myself from an affected area in <unk> Austria and have personal experience of their <unk> efforts .
This , too , is highlighted in the report .
For the time being , I consider the Lamfalussy structures to be sufficient , but they need to be closely and continuously monitored and adapted , or further developed if needed .
Given the <unk> of those young girls who drop out of sport , it is also essential to ensure young girls are more enthusiastic about doing sport .
The Commission therefore welcomes measures taken by Member States to reduce national emissions in order to meet their <unk> target .
The monitoring of measures for families in the Member States is conducted by the European Observatory on National <unk> Policies that the Commission set up in 1989 .
I believe that whether such progress is made quickly or slowly , it is a very important task for the Irish presidency to make as much progress as possible in bringing together the Member States behind the drive to implement a new constitutional treaty for the European Union .
The original proposal did not measure the difference in aid on the basis of GDP levels , but only on whether two different regions had state borders .
What will the results be ?
I am not really sure whether <unk> counts them amongst its friends .
All of this seems quite reasonable .
For reasons of competence , however , it is up to the Member States to pass legislation if they consider this to be necessary .
What is needed , however , and very much overdue , is a thorough <unk> in the philosophy that lies behind this scheme , for example with regard to the scope of the solutions that we are seeking .
Action on these substances in the opinion of many Members of this Parliament has been long delayed due to the slow progress of the risk assessments undertaken under the existing substance regulations of 1993 .
Mr President , I can only express the hope , as did the Commissioner , that by December we shall have a good level of cooperation between Commission , Council and Parliament to produce a good budget for 25 countries .
That decision was justified not only by the subject matter of the directive .
Therefore , if we look at matters from that viewpoint , we shall not <unk> about the subsidiarity reaffirmed in Article 1 .
It will be up to the academics , students and teachers to really make it work .
It is a <unk> and political issue .
I , like others , have concerns about proper controls on third-country imports .
It began as a <unk> venture between several public channels .
Air traffic controllers must therefore be people with a great deal of theoretical knowledge and extensive practical skills .
French farming unions decided , with the agreement of the French Minister for Agriculture and of his Ministry , to set a minimum price .
We are then asked by journalists if we can comment on this , but we do not even have access to the document .
Our position on services is , briefly , as follows .
The Council has been able to seize this opportunity .
In this respect , I would like to offer my congratulations for the contributions from Mr <unk> , the draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Culture , whose work is an example of clarity and <unk> , and from Mr <unk> who , in the Committee on Legal Affairs , led with intelligence and talent a thorough discussion on the legal implications of the issue .
.
Without getting into the argument of whether or not this proposed decision is the most desirable one , it is the one which has allowed us to resolve it in accordance with the Rules of Procedure .
Finally , the European Parliament has highlighted the need to make it easier for social agencies to take part and I should like to ask what initiatives you intend to take to increase the participation of women &apos;s organisations .
They are constantly demanding more Europe .
But we know that the 15 governments of the Member States are unanimous in the view that we must stick to the Helsinki strategy .
I <unk> that all outstanding chapters will also be opened with at least four countries in this group next year .
In your paper you do indeed refer to implementation problems .
He would be able to take credit , once and for all , for having begun to <unk> the status of posted work as an occupational category , a category with rights and with the appropriate protection .
Mrs Peijs cynically proposes making this policy worse by further reducing employers &apos; social burdens and increasing VAT .
Although I support the introduction of ‘ <unk> ’ , this must not be used to provide a covert means of testing out an information policy .
Yes it can , it accounts for about 1.5 % of our neighbouring countries &apos; GNP .
It seems that there is no rule by which we can ask people who are <unk> the privacy of Members of this House to leave Parliament .
It has been used over the last 50 years to construct a vision of Europe that has learned from , but not forgotten , its past .
As I said , we shall shortly be publicising how we will carry forward the priorities identified .
Firstly , as regards drinking water in developing countries , the Commission proposed in its communication on water management in developing countries that priority should be given to ensuring a supply to every human being - especially the poorest - of sufficient drinking water of good quality and of adequate means of waste disposal , with the general objective of reducing poverty and improving people &apos;s health and quality of life .
That is the text which will appear in the second subparagraph .
In this sector , we are cooperating closely with the British Presidency which , as Mrs Beckett said earlier , has placed climate change very high on the agenda for the G8 summit in <unk> and has constantly placed the issue of climate change on its list of priorities .
That is why I am very glad that this report was drawn up ; our group supports it and the amendments it proposes .
Of course , I give no opinion on the political assessments , and the group <unk> will be able to make their opinions known through resolutions in time .
( Parliament approved the request ) .
We must prepare for this stage using all the tools available to us , not just reform of the Treaties , which we have already discussed .
Mr <unk> did not even mention the problem of terrorist funding .
– ( Mr President , the trial of the Palestinian doctor and Bulgarian nurses in Libya reopened three weeks ago .
According to the definition , employment guidelines are , in fact , subordinate to economic guidelines .
International economic interests are far from innocent parties , <unk> like <unk> ready to share out the vast natural wealth hidden in that part of Africa .
The EU institutions should keep to what has been agreed in these negotiations .
The question that my colleague , Mrs Sauquillo , is asking relates to a different issue , namely , that once the referendum has taken place , whatever the outcome , a substantial development and cooperation plan with the Sahara will be needed .
<unk> continue their relocations , which exacerbate unemployment and hamper development in many regions , as is currently happening in my country .
Our first priority was to work on creating the right conditions to make the European Union the world &apos; s most dynamic and competitive economic area , based on knowledge , within the next ten years .
I should now like to move on to the subject of public services and Article 90 , because I know that Parliament quite rightly sees this as a very sensitive issue .
If agreement is reached for a new European Treaty then we will have to focus on the campaign to ratify the terms of this new Treaty across the 25 different Member States of the Union .
Let us hope so !
<unk> vehicles <unk> less fuel and produce fewer carbon dioxide emissions .
the communication from the Commission to the Council and the European Parliament on European Community cooperation with third countries : the Commission ’ s approach to future support for the development of the business sector ( COM ( 2003 ) 267 – 2003 / <unk> ( INI ) .
What is less satisfactory , as has just been pointed out , is our past record ; heaven knows that the States of the European Union have scarcely covered themselves in glory in the realm of maritime safety .
I would remind everyone that we are <unk> around 100 million people to the Union at one time .
That is why I share Mrs Pack &apos;s view .
For this reason we have made it an aim of the Austrian presidency to tackle this particular problem .
The reason why this is such an important issue , Mr <unk> , is that the fight against terrorism is also a subject for discussion at the European Council summit and during the preliminary debates .
But , much more than this , I have <unk> at the <unk> depths of <unk> that have allowed the people of Rwanda to sit together in village assemblies to discuss what happened , the <unk> , together with those who carry the <unk> <unk> of the <unk> or who lost relatives and friends as a result of the <unk> <unk> .
Do I know that he is telling the final truth ?
A constantly growing budget has , unfortunately , also led to more irregularities and fraud .
A proactive policy for employment creation at European level should be launched , and you yourself referred to a European employment pact .
On the one hand it claims to be interested but on the other , it continues to obstruct its implementation , as is clear from its postponement of the formal creation of the Tripartite Social Summit .
<unk> <unk> is very well aware that a radical <unk> policy would have been condemned to failure .
<unk> by tolerance and compliance on the part of Europe and the United States , Turkey engaged the other day in a new act of aggressive provocation which could well have been the cause of war between two equally powerful countries .
My initial concerns were as follows : first , although the proposal insists on confidentiality and <unk> of reported information , which is a purely legal issue , it does not satisfactorily tackle the issue of information abuse , especially since data could be made available to third parties through many different channels , including the so-called and <unk> &quot; research institutions &quot; , etc .
I think we have to .
Furthermore , the European Union must strongly insist that King <unk> immediately suspend the state of emergency and engage in a political process aimed at resolving the conflict , based on justice and respect for human rights .
( <unk> ) Mr President , I think the President-in-Office of the Council and the President of the Commission have given us two very good speeches .
Mr President , Hungary , like the other 24 Member States of Europe , is a democracy .
Mr President , it is difficult to add anything substantially new to what I already expressed .
We regret the offence caused by those <unk> to Muslims across the world , but we also strongly condemned all violent acts and threats against individuals and property of the European Union and other countries .
Those <unk> are , admittedly , deregulation and lower taxes , but they are also healthier people living in a healthier environment .
The <unk> refugee camp has closed , that is all very well .
Once again , I should like to ask a number of groups - for a number of those are agreed - to consider Amendment No 9 , particularly part one , which is about submitting this relatively simple framework directive to us before the end of the year , and this according to the criteria that have been laid down in the <unk> consultation between all of us .
Not to do so would play into the hands of anti-European interests .
.
The draft on changes to the voting modalities proposed by the ECB Governing Council and endorsed by the European Commission , is unnecessary and unjust .
I would also like to support the last speaker who talked about animal transport .
Mr President , the situation in Kosovo is untenable and unacceptable .
Alas , this is something which it has recently failed to do in the matter of Alzheimer &apos;s disease .
We have formed cooperation links in Latin America and in the golden <unk> in order to promote alternative types of crops and to restrict access to drugs .
Mr President , I understood at the beginning of this debate that you were going to take it as a free debate , that you would see people raise their hands and call them as you saw them .
The three countries plan to introduce major tax cuts in 2001 and in subsequent years , which will relieve the tax pressure on labour and stimulate employment and investment ; they are therefore positive and necessary provided that the public finances are kept stable .
The Union does not need a diminished Commission .
To this aid provided by the European Union must be added the further aid which the international community has made available , in particular through the G7 and <unk> .
We must seek ways of breaking down the language barriers .
It is vital that this <unk> framework should be potentially applicable to a wide range of credit institutions , both large and small .
With regard to the setting of maximum limits , several aspects must be taken into account , such as the continuous appearance of new chemical products and the need for periodic reviews based on precise scientific analyses and verified experiments , or even in certain cases the need to compensate market operators , especially farmers in particular situations when they are in no way to blame for the contamination of the products used in animal nutrition .
I believe , too , that stricter labelling requirements would help farmers .
A start has been made , however .
For too long mental illness has not been at centre stage in our legislative process and , as is clear from the Commission ’ s Green Paper and its startling findings , public <unk> through more informed communication is slowly coming to realise that mental illness and its consequences affect the core of our population .
Mr President , rapporteur , everyone here agrees that we should highlight the need to have statistics for agriculture , at a Community level , that are as precise , as reliable and as coherent as possible , so that we can effectively assess the consequences of decisions taken under the CAP , particularly on rural areas .
<unk> percent of Erasmus students had considerable difficulties financing their stay abroad .
It was not a summit involving the European Union alone .
We Europeans will have to pay for a new prison , like so many other things destroyed during these tragic <unk> .
We shall deal with it during the next <unk> .
.
In the Commission &apos;s view , it is now up to Prime Minister Netanyahu to show the necessary flexibility in order to <unk> the peace process as soon as possible , by accepting the US proposal which , I repeat , is a minimum proposal but which , as things stand , is the only realistic proposal for further progress along the road to peace .
In particular , it was becoming a matter of urgency to define the concept of ‘ network ’ .
I would say to Mrs Schörling that almost all money for <unk> is found from the existing development budgets .
Basically , a measure of this kind would tend to <unk> social <unk> by bringing fundamental rights into question .
( Mixed reactions ) It is deplorable that in order to prevent an agreement being passed , twelve people felt obliged to rise .
Instead , we must focus our efforts – above all with regard to VAT rates – on the VAT applied in areas where we can get back some of what we lose elsewhere , for example the things that the rich really like : luxury <unk> , <unk> and second homes .
They also require integrated support from the Structural and Cohesion Funds for structures allowing technology to be distributed democratically , particularly by following the process decided in Lisbon and promoting investment leading to new businesses and jobs .
As it happens , after a difficult beginning , we consider that the proposal to use the flexibility clause , although not the most suitable instrument , intended to provide financial aid for Kosovo of EUR 200 million above the category is satisfactory in itself , and indeed enables us , if we are in agreement as to the remainder , to have a satisfactory approach to providing financial aid for Kosovo for the year concerned .
It has a very specific meaning and it is incompatible with the measure before us tonight .
The conditions for an appeal to the public interest are set out in a structured way .
I hope , at least , that the European Union troika , which will visit the region from Sunday to confer with <unk> countries on possible courses of action in response to the <unk> crisis , will hear first-hand , at least in one of Zimbabwe &apos;s neighbours , about the dramatic worsening of the situation in Zimbabwe from <unk> posted in <unk> .
From this point of view , I would like to congratulate Parliament for not participating .
I should just like to say that in principle of course I was in favour of this resolution , but that I do feel that something very dangerous has been started here , that is , the systematic abuse of resolutions for an ideological debate on the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
The next item is the recommendation for second reading ( <unk> / 96 ) on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , on the common position adopted by the Council with a view to the adoption of a European Parliament and Council Decision adopting a Community action programme on the prevention of drug dependence within the framework for action in the field of public health ( <unk> ) ( rapporteur : Mr Burtone ) .
We insist that the Union needs substantial reform before the first accession by a new Member State .
One remark I wish to make at the moment is that usually when we have a problem we think the best way to solve it is to increase the number of controllers and inspectors .
I must also say that I listened attentively to , and would like to thank , Mr Grosch and Mrs Theorin for the opinions of their respective Committees on the issue of the Employment <unk> .
That is very clear .
We will therefore need better instruments in future .
Let me be clear , once again .
The Commission has nominated Mr <unk> <unk> , previously <unk> of <unk> <unk> <unk> and currently chairman of the <unk> Group , as its <unk> .
I do not have an overview , and can only comment on my own area where I am very familiar with the situation .
The one thing I ask of you , Commissioner , is that you raise the issue of social security at the forthcoming WTO negotiations in Hong Kong .
These might strip the convention of its substance and more especially could suggest a lack of mutual trust between states .
So let &apos;s do our homework here first .
The Commission &apos;s position was presented to the Industry Council on 5 December and the Council welcomed the Commission &apos;s determination to tackle the problem of unfair Korean competition and took note of the Commission &apos;s proposals in this regard .
In other words , that statistic alone suggests there is very little commercial risk for either the European pharmaceuticals industry , or the US industry itself .
I would also be interested if Sir Leon could tell us why it is considered necessary to register some of the Palestinian produce as being Israeli in order to facilitate its export to European markets .
Such a reform of the Council would correspond to the proposals that Secretary General of the European Council , <unk> Solana , made over a year ago .
More than anything , what I want to do is say thank you .
In such cases , where serious violations of human rights have taken place , the Commission may want to suspend a country immediately .
The idea was that by <unk> trade we would overcome the damage caused by protectionism before the war , and this would bring prosperity and jobs .
First of all , I should like to thank Parliament for its response to the Commission communication on a European Environment and Health Strategy .
I think that publishing explanations of vote and results of voting is not sufficient here .
The decision establishes an obligation to pass on information upon any EP official or agent who &quot; becomes aware of evidence which gives rise to a presumption of the existence of possible cases of fraud , corruption or any other illegal activity detrimental to the interests of the Communities . &quot;
The previous operation in 1995 involved 30 000 troops and around 50 tanks .
This demonstrates the importance we gave to a transparent flow of information .
This is absolutely essential if we are to secure not just a stronger market , but also greater diversity of information for citizens in the future .
This proposed directive would be an extremely useful complement to the efforts undertaken in towns and cities , especially in the form of urban transport plans , particularly in the <unk> around <unk> , which is <unk> by 5 000 commercial vehicles daily .
I fear that if we were to adopt the Commission proposal in the form presented to us , it would not be acceptable to the Council of Ministers , in view of the Council &apos;s existing reservations in the light of the judgment of the European Court of Justice which I have quoted , and because of the second report of the Court of Auditors .
As for those , though , at whose <unk> the crime was committed , those who gave the money – as we have seen with the forty other journalists and the newspapers – well , nobody will ask , because nobody will be interested , for – as we saw yesterday evening on German television when Chancellor <unk> met him – we need <unk> Putin .
That framework allows for more pressure to be brought to bear and offers more guarantees for smooth progress .
Before this takes place , though , they must meet certain criteria , which must continue to apply .
The report covers all aspects of the CFP , including conservation and management of resources , structural policy , external fisheries policy , market policy and monitoring and control .
Nobody in Europe today would understand that those who are and were able to define objectives and binding policies in monetary , budgetary and exchange rate terms were able to show such contempt for the people of Europe by not also defining binding objectives in terms of social policy or employment .
For that reason alone we should not take that decision .
<unk> of an identity card or travel document is one of the fundamental freedoms to which people living under the yoke of dictatorship aspire .
I believe we should uphold the task of the politician , which is twofold , in my opinion .
The existing Member States are on the one hand putting on a friendly face towards the new Member States , but on the other hand several Member States have imposed restrictions on the free movement of workers with respect to the new Member States .
The pressure of globalisation and new technologies has clearly highlighted a number of gaps in a range of key skills , which make it more difficult for workers to adapt to increasingly flexible labour markets .
There is one point on which I would contradict Mrs Beckett .
But there are still plenty of points in this report that we do not agree with , and I think it is too <unk> to claim , as Mrs Soltwedel-Schäfer does , that every argument put forward by the industry must be <unk> .
The vote will take place tomorrow .
For ourselves as Swedish Social Democrats , it is extremely important for us to be able to retain national tax , since that is the system to which we adhere and of which we make use .
The important thing is that consumers get lower prices and more quality for their money .
Consequently the next week is of fundamental importance and I am sure that all the Member States of the European Union and the associated States will make an effort so that it may be possible as I said to turn the need to sign this <unk> Nuclear <unk> Non-Proliferation Treaty at the next opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations into a reality .
The joint debate is closed .
I would go as far as to say we were , in a sense , <unk> by being involved in the success of this Convention , thanks to the open and transparent procedure implemented for the first time .
This clause calls for promoting reconstruction projects with EU aid , specifically in those areas of Kosovo where human rights and the rights of minorities are being fully respected and where democratic principles are guaranteed .
If , however , we apply the convergence criteria wrongly , too quickly and at the wrong time , they may have a negative effect on employment .
As has been stated before , it seems to me that the European Investment Bank has a role to play in this .
First of all , I believe the European Union should welcome the fact that the new president , Laurent <unk> , is setting up a national reconciliation committee .
Consequently , people would not just be trained to work for someone else , but also to start businesses and create new jobs when they begin their working lives .
I had the opportunity to discuss this not so very long ago , in a very lively fashion , I might add , with the Committee on the Environment .
But it should reflect also on why the second reading proposals on our own support through the poverty diseases line were cut back from Parliament &apos;s demands , and why President Prodi announced EUR 60 million of support from the global health fund from the ACP countries , which it was not his right to do and , as we heard in this Chamber from their President-in-Office they oppose .
We register a reservation against the temporary committee ’ s proposal for the financial perspectives , amounting to <unk> % of gross domestic income in payment appropriations and <unk> % in commitments .
I am speaking on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism and I would like to say that this regulation is long awaited .
Soon , the Kaliningrad <unk> , the northern half of former East <unk> , will be a Russian <unk> <unk> by EU Member States .
Furthermore , the scheme provides for additional preferences , that is to say at further reduced preferential rates of duty , to be granted from 1 January next year to beneficiary countries which effectively respect the standards of certain International Labour Organization conventions including Convention 138 relating to child labour .
It will improve the transparency of the budget and give a better picture of the work that is done within the framework of the European Union .
The first thing is that consumers are getting increasingly <unk> about what they see as the failure to act on what ought to be a fundamental right .
It should be possible to take <unk> on board all trains , and comprehensive information and the option of buying tickets to anywhere in Europe should be the norm .
Your support to move forward on these key elements of <unk> is most welcome .
It is a question of democratising the Arab countries .
To ensure that by the reference year of 2010 this <unk> <unk> above our cities of Europe has disappeared and to ensure , for example , that the <unk> of Strasbourg &apos;s <unk> can one more reach up into a truly blue sky .
It is very much my intention to work with people at the regional and local level .
<unk> creates huge profits for criminals , who seek to extend their market .
With regard to food safety in the context of enlargement too , in our opinion , the tendency is sometimes to <unk> rather than aim towards a way of working which will provide guarantees to the consumer .
It was useful for us to be able to bring you this news which we expected to describe in quite different terms when we left Timor and which was of interest to the Timorese , who , at least at that time , felt supported and who still are being supported .
<unk> is about being open and welcoming to people .
In our countries we are lucky to have the opportunity to draw upon the experience of the older EU Member States and thus avoid repeating their mistakes .
It is to be welcomed that the Commission lays down strict requirements for candidate countries , in this way encouraging them to implement efficiently the reforms that still need to be carried out .
As Parliament maintains , it is important that the EU &apos;s efforts can be aimed at all forms of dementia including , for example , <unk> dementia and <unk> <unk> dementia .
And so , already problematic as applied to fifteen countries , in line with the principles of subsidiarity , financial solidarity , Community preference and market unity , the CAP will be substantially weakened as a result of enlargement , and the effect of this will not be on the Community agricultural sector alone , it will have negative implications for agricultural workers in the <unk> who are therefore likely to migrate to the more profitable agricultural sector .
There are .
I fully agree with those who believe that , apart from <unk> minor problems , this splendid programme is working very well and should be developed further .
Mr President , Mrs <unk> <unk> and Mr <unk> Ferber have been involved in an enormous task in drafting next years &apos; EU budget .
For the first time , sexual harassment in the workplace is recognised as discrimination on grounds of sex , and our amendments offer women workers various ways of defending themselves , including recourse to an independent body .
By the same token , we must use all the available forums for this debate , while being aware that none of them , be it national conferences , consultations with unions , forums of civil societies , will have the power to arrive at a conclusion .
There is also a tendency to forget that the EU &apos;s campaigns derive great benefit from the credibility and reliability of the national and European consumers &apos; organisations , but that the EU currently only pays half price for that credibility .
They belong to us and we belong to them .
We have put forward a number of proposals on this subject and we must work on them .
The challenge of enlargement is political .
On the contrary , it encourages speeding up the development of European cooperation on intelligence matters - a form of cooperation in which the <unk> country , Great Britain , is free to participate if it so wishes .
The Culture Ministers now have an opportunity , in part , to correct that mistake , by finally giving the go-ahead for the creation of the guarantee fund .
Good morning , Mr President .
In the debate on the subject there has been a general misunderstanding of the nature of the mention it gets .
<unk> <unk> separated waste &apos; to <unk> mixed municipal waste &apos; , as Amendment No 14 does , risks affecting the development of the waste sorting sectors which we are trying to establish and in which some or all of the residues could be <unk> .
This is the basis we are working on and we will continue to do so in the future .
I will obviously not list all the articles .
A new constitution for Europe that <unk> national constitutions , a legal personality for the European Union and , of course , more militarisation : this is not the kind of Europe I want .
This is what lies behind the crisis in the Commission , and we pro-Europeans believe that this could be a healthy crisis , bringing about a real reform of that institution .
But , obviously , I have completely <unk> the fact that we have resolved overnight the issue of the common agricultural policy .
In committee we forwarded an amendment on transparency which was not accepted by the committee .
Even with a moderate level of reduction , effects on communities are severe .
- the Council statement on Albania and Where does the programme of large heavy air <unk> stand , despite the fact that the last two are not European Union programmes ?
What I had hoped for from Johannesburg was a real commitment from the rich countries to assist with the modernisation of patterns of production and consumption in the poor countries .
A draft proposal for implementing legislation will soon be communicated to Parliament .
Allow me to present my point of view from two angles .
We pointed out as far back as a year ago that the government in Zaire seemed unwilling to proceed with <unk> , and that then led to this catastrophe , the more so since the military leaders have not even <unk> their intention of <unk> power by force in Rwanda and Burundi .
If you are a tourist and want to go on holiday using public transport , it is an unfortunate fact that you will often find that , in many of the regions you want to visit , it is quite impossible to be properly mobile without a motor car .
No , it is not enough to help only when something has happened ; we have to take preventive action .
And then there is the debate about categories .
We would like to see a new trade and cooperation treaty replacing that of 1985 and including the standard human rights clause .
That brings me to another request on our part , a request for involvement in parliamentary and Commission work when mutual recognition agreements are being drawn up .
Time is running out for habitats and for the biodiversity of this planet .
Mr President , as we decided in principle in Amendment No 28 , which we adopted by a large majority , that research may only be carried out on persons incapable of giving informed consent if it is guaranteed that this is for his or her direct benefit , I request that we ask the Commission before the final vote what its opinion is on this amendment .
Mr Howitt wrote something in the explanatory statement that I disagree with .
On this formal occasion I would like to talk about the ‘ Women in White ’ and our reasons for awarding them this prize .
I am also not convinced about the scientific basis as far as certain aspects of public health are concerned .
There can be no question that this priority will make it necessary to use the flexibility instrument .
That is why the fact that this agreement has been reached and that the decisions have indeed been taken has been <unk> with a degree of relief .
There needs to be some means of putting pressure on the Council .
You have said that last week , in Paris , the Ministerial meeting had progressed .
This is the current state of affairs , despite the fact that the right to healthy and sufficient food is a fundamental right of all human beings .
There are certainly no restrictions in its scope .
They include , of course , health , other than strictly <unk> research , <unk> energy and land and water transport .
In sectors with a very high concentration of women , such as the one we are dealing with here , the percentage of skilled women is higher than that of skilled men , because skilled men are not attracted by the low wages in the textile sector .
<unk> of this is in the active participation of ACP representatives during the debates on particular countries at the last Joint Assembly in Lomé in October 1997 .
The report that Parliament is putting forward recognises that there are different relationships now .
.
The report calls on the Commission to draw up a code of conduct for multinational companies based on a number of social obligations .
At this stage of the debate it can only be on a point of order .
It is hardly surprising that the British media project the sort of image that they describe .
That is something that will live with me for a long time .
Because President Lukashenko is trying to frustrate all efforts in that direction - specifically a network of local , officially registered observers , actively supported by the OSCE mission in Minsk .
We do not therefore agree with the basic criticism made of the report .
This is the very least on which we can decide today , before a total ban is imposed , should the studies confirm the danger .
In general terms , the error rate for agriculture is below the general error rate for the budget .
It is right and proper that we should be discussing the situation facing the <unk> in Kosovo today .
I have raised it myself on several occasions with the members of the Turkish Government .
If we do not , then we will find that in six months time we are back to playing games again .
If so does he see any reason or opportunity to take action to control it ?
There are many reasons for this and here we give some examples of why we cannot accept this report .
One problem is vested interests - the classic example being the fossil fuel industries ; another is weak political leadership by all of us - we are all responsible for this .
I would like to add , however , that , particularly in respect of the proposed safety net , in section ( d ) of paragraph 1 , with a ceiling and a floor in local currency , this cannot exceed the limit of + <unk> % at the most , and it appears that section ( e ) of the same paragraph causes more problems than it was meant to solve .
Tomorrow &apos; s agenda includes the topic of human cloning .
The problem is that the shipbuilding industry , covering all the kinds of ships that we have discussed today , is an industry of strategic importance for Europe .
I think that venture capital offers concrete ways in which we can contribute to the development of the companies which are in the process of <unk> .
Countries with the best opportunities must be <unk> &apos; with the highest percentages for the renewable part of energy supply .
It is against this backdrop that , with respect , I have to disagree with the President-in-Office when he said that he did not believe the French or the Dutch voters rejected the constitution .
That will also entail refugees being at last permitted to return to regions such as <unk> in order to <unk> them and make the <unk> soil <unk> again .
Climate change is a grave threat indeed , and steps must be taken immediately .
Finally , tourism must give rise to ethical reflection within the European Union and , more generally , at global level .
I am asking that the European Union become involved as a expert <unk> to bring the best practices from every Member State to show how a sustainable housing development policy could work and also to <unk> proper training and <unk> skills for the operation of those programmes .
Since , initially , I had been appointed draftsman on this issue as a member of the Committee on Agriculture , I felt obliged not to table this opinion on my behalf , such was the desire of my fellow Members - and Mrs Redondo , an <unk> <unk> and defender of genetically <unk> organisms , pointed this out earlier - to confuse the debate .
However , the harmonisation being attained is worth our effort .
Would Madam President apologise to our guests , the Turkish Foreign Minister Mr <unk> and his Ambassador Mr <unk> , and would Madam President <unk> strongly with those Members who deliberately arranged the demonstration today as it was a <unk> of our normal Parliamentary hospitality and could have led to physical harm .
The fact is that , as a Social Democrat , I regard the reinforcement of such rights as an obligation without the possibility of any exceptions , and so I will <unk> vote in favour of it , even if , when we vote tomorrow , it will be said that I recommend that you do the opposite .
Economic partnership agreements and regional economic partnership agreements are the eventual aim of those negotiations .
<unk> / 2001 by Mr Belder on behalf of the Group for a Europe of Democracies and Diversities As far as the Commission is concerned , I first want to point out once again in Parliament that Burma is not included in the 1980 cooperation agreement which was extended to <unk> and Vietnam .
There is no solution to be found in either a <unk> Europe or a <unk> <unk> .
The impact of the budget on all these proposals translates into a saving of ECU 82 million for 1998 , according to the Commission &apos;s estimates .
The current conflict expresses internal <unk> by big business , not the interests of the workers , who are claiming satisfaction of their contemporary needs and fighting for the political <unk> to change for the benefit of the majority of the people .
What is more , I find the word <unk> &apos; is not assertive enough when it comes to police operations .
There has been a certain diversity of views , Mr Prodi , among your <unk> Commissioners about their personal political accountability in the future .
It is quite right that we introduce what is known as this fifth jurisdiction for those who currently have their <unk> or permanent residence in a European Union country .
If we do want to work with this list , then it offers the opportunity to differentiate between richer and poorer developing nations , as proposed by the European Parliament in the Van der <unk> report .
It is a better reflection of each citizen &apos; s actual capacity to contribute .
We are therefore calling for Aung San Suu Kyi and the other opposition leaders to be released , for the National League for Democracy to be allowed to take up its work again and for humanitarian aid to be provided , thus preventing both religious persecution and the destruction of the Burmese nation and national minorities .
In addition , they tabled a broad range of amendments .
I would like to make a comment now on competition .
I should also like to mention <unk> non-hazardous waste .
Finally , why are the efforts of the entire community not <unk> in making the crucial changes needed to achieve a democratic state without the use of force ?
I would also like to say that the public can presently consult a <unk> of Council documents on the Internet containing reference information on them .
The importance of improved conditions for families with children , of greater equality and of <unk> learning ought to be clearly emphasised .
This showed that powerful countries can still get away with murder , torture and the <unk> of critics just days before news emerged about the discovery in Chechnya of the bodies of nine men who had been <unk> executed .
We see no problem with this as the third payment does not have to be made until September 1997 .
Ms McKenna talked about fish being different because they do not stay put like animals in a farmer &apos;s field .
Mr President , I would like to <unk> , if I may , Mr Solana and my very good friend Commissioner Patten to exercise caution in relation to the Middle East at this present time .
I have always thought that infrastructure should be public and that services should be paid for by those that use them .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the situation of <unk> is nothing more than a specific part of a larger picture in a region of Africa that , like other regions , is continually <unk> politically to the point that there is little real political authority or concrete guarantees for the population .
I thought that at the beginning Mr Corbett was being rather <unk> .
What I am trying to say is that Parliament has developed , internally , a carefully considered and widely shared position and stance , and that I believe that position is the one expressed in today &apos;s motion for a resolution ; that resolution indicates the determination of Parliament to support the peace process at a difficult time - indeed , a very difficult time - by <unk> its confidence in the <unk> for peace &apos; strategy and its conviction that the Oslo agreements must be applied .
They also make an evaluation of what has been done more difficult .
This does not only apply to Asia .
The Israeli authorities seem to think it is the best thing , in any case , it is a necessity .
<unk> term , a large number of the bilateral investment protection agreements within the framework of the World Trade Organisation must be replaced by comprehensive multilateral regulation .
Sometimes practical solutions like this do more to provide genuine access to information than mere political statements .
It is the basis for our being able to realise our Lisbon vision .
Those are job losses , jobs which cannot be replaced , because a producer who makes his workers redundant does not subsequently care what happens to them , whether they remain unemployed , hungry and socially excluded .
We accepted the responsibility fully aware of the <unk> of the challenges that our country faces after 14 years of civil war and destruction .
Member States will have to adopt common positions within the deadlines specified in the road map , and will have to determine transitional periods if necessary , even if this may , and will , give rise to difficulties .
As regards the differing classification and labelling requirements for some 100 substances where Austria and Sweden have a different system for one reason or another , the Commission is seeking to ensure that all the substances are included on the agenda for the meetings of experts at the European chemicals office in <unk> .
It is said that the port authorities , which have the best knowledge , can regulate conditions in their own cases - which may consist of a certificate or of proven knowledge .
( The sitting was suspended at <unk> p. m. and resumed at 3 p. m . ) The EU decision to end direct funding for the democratically-elected Palestinian Authority is likely to have disastrous consequences for the delivery of basic services in <unk> Palestine .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Europe goes online .
Therefore the foremost demand that the European Union must make , again and again , and which it must back up with all the power at its disposal , is this : Milosevic must go !
In order to ease the situation of temporarily resident <unk> patients and rectify the possible lack of clarity in the definition of emergency treatment , the Member States have agreed on special rules which are laid down in Decision No <unk> of the Administrative Commission of the European Communities on Social Security for <unk> Workers of 31 May 1996 .
When we talk about wanting to become the most dynamic economic region in the world , that means that we have to increase our economic power .
There is doubt about this within the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , and their rapporteur has expressed this hesitation quite openly to us in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection .
<unk> the most urgent thing that is needed to bring about a European political culture is to make sure that European issues are reflected in national , regional and local debates .
Now I come to the report by my friend <unk> Hoppenstedt .
The whole world has a responsibility for supporting the Iraqi people and developments towards a democratic and sovereign Iraq able to take its place in the international community .
The reaction of the European Parliament is consistent with the dominant ideology which prevails there : it only wishes to see in this new provision a threat to the construction of a federal Europe which it wants to promote , and would like to restrict its effects as much as possible .
Two weeks ago I spoke to you on the basis of a presidency text that represented a compromise .
Madam President , our group ’ s Dutch <unk> is contemplating backing Mr Barroso ’ s candidature despite our constitutional reservations .
Following the adoption of a single currency , nothing in Europe will be the same again .
It is about time the Commission <unk> the <unk> of British Nuclear <unk> &apos; nuclear ambitions as it <unk> its empire to the United States .
However , it is a source of deep concern that the report includes the presentation of animals as I strongly oppose the use of animals in the circus .
Mr <unk> &apos;s report proposes several important improvements to the Commission proposal .
How do women perceive cuts and how are they affected by them ?
We now want to get it transposed as soon as possible .
We should actually be welcoming immigrants , people who are trying to improve their lot .
As a result , Parliament proposed an increase in the budget .
In the area of users &apos; rights it has been important to strike the right balance between a text that will be agreed <unk> at European Union level and detailed work that should be done in the Member States .
That is bad for women and bad for children , who very often also suffer as a result of the <unk> that people have of equal opportunities for women .
We have the means to put pressure on the Tunisian Government , let us use them !
<unk> is one of the world &apos;s major infectious diseases .
The main problem posed by batteries and <unk> is the fact that they contain heavy <unk> , such as mercury , lead and cadmium .
If , however , we leave the Council solely responsible for drawing up reasonable compromises , we will become a superfluous institution , which will simply take advantage of the voting rights of individual delegations to push through rules that will <unk> the EU still further .
Our fourth and final task , Mr President , is genuinely to take the ILO ’ s report on world poverty seriously , something that the World Bank too should do .
I hope the Commissioner will do his utmost to prevent any further <unk> of the commonly agreed commitments of the Member States .
The work carried out by Parliament and the Council has been enormously useful .
This is already the case now and will be even more of a problem in the enlarged Union we have decided to build .
With regard to the IGC , the failure to reach agreement at the December Brussels Summit is , undoubtedly , a serious setback for the European Union , but it is not a crisis .
It probably is if you consider the time and energy that the Commission and ourselves had to spend on it , but it is definitely not in terms of importance .
Today we three have tabled this motion because our concern then for human rights has been compounded now by allegations following the presidential elections .
It refers to 1999 , and 1999 was the first budget year for which the new Commission was fully responsible .
In the pursuit of solutions , it is important to address questions to the institutions , rather than to produce formal <unk> statements .
The whole object of EU support is the promotion of the peace process , but it is wrong to give financial support to those who seek its downfall .
The European Parliament would at least like to have a power of consultation in this matter and to know what criteria the Council , and not just the Member States , adopts .
With regard to the Commissioner , who has also referred to this humble Member of Parliament and who has said that he has heard no argument to convince him of the need for two regulations , I would like to say to <unk> who is a good friend of mine that I believe that he has not properly understood the position here .
Culture must remain at the heart of our partnership for Europe .
For example , the <unk> Committee - which is an important committee in this respect - will not be a Council working group .
We share the rapporteur &apos;s view that harmonisation is needed to create a fully functioning internal market for those with copyright protection .
We are ready to support this process fully .
In a so-called justified opinion , the Commission demanded that Sweden repeal its ban on the private import of <unk> drinks via independent intermediaries , that is to say without the <unk> having to go via the state <unk> monopoly .
Why not consider developing police cooperation to the same standards as represented by the <unk> programme ?
It is as if their role is to find a path to improved legislation .
The delegation of the European Parliament represented this institution correctly , meeting with all the organisations of the Cuban democratic opposition even though we were not bound to do so by duty .
The Commission also made a decisive contribution to this success , for the conclusions are significantly similar to the contents of the preliminary synthesis document which we drew up in preparation for the Council .
We must respect the precautionary principle , but excessive caution must be substantiated by the results of research .
With the ongoing debate and controversy surrounding the issue of whether it is appropriate for the EU &apos;s Framework Programme to decide to allow funding of embryonic stem cell research , what kind of a budget does the Commission envisage for research using embryonic stem cells ?
Maintaining healthy competition , as has been pointed out , also encourages a growing economy over the medium to long term , and with growth comes employment .
In order to achieve that aim , it is essential that all political prisoners and prisoners of conscience in Castro ’ s <unk> be released immediately , that the torture and execution of dissidents cease immediately , that there be free dialogue amongst all the parties and the recognition by the regime that it is they who are isolated rather than the brave people of Cuba who are calling for freedom .
Moreover , I explained at that meeting last year that the Commission would only reconsider its decision not to propose a change to the current EU exhaustion regime if new developments justified that .
We need a standing conference with Albania , Bosnia , Serbia , Croatia and Bulgaria participating .
My Group too backs Mrs Mouskouri &apos;s amendments which want to see Article 28 and not Article 130 chosen as the legal basis .
I shall finish with one last point – I shall try to make it short .
In the main , we could blame the Member States , because they are the ones who spend this 80 % of the budget .
The European Council in Helsinki , having decided to grant Turkey the status of a candidate for accession , asked the Commission to submit a single framework for European Union financial aid to that country for the pre-accession period .
The only specific aid from which they have <unk> in the past and from which they benefit today is limited to cofinancing under plans to improve quality and marketing which expired at the end of last year and which the Commission is now proposing to extend by another year .
If we want to bring about reform in the European Union and achieve the Lisbon objective of a more dynamic economy , we need to take an equally acute interest in <unk> insecurity and we need to deal with these fears in our reforms , not fly in the face of them .
However , the Charter &apos;s enemies highlight the political significance but also the legal status , which does not conflict with the Treaties but reinforces the democratic perspectives .
However Iraq did not accept the resolution and <unk> any cooperation on verification of dismantling of weapons of mass destruction .
There can be no going back on any particular substances , despite some <unk> to do so .
So we know how we must react when death sentences are imposed or executed in individual countries .
After reflecting on these developments it seems to me that if the official record of Parliament was a <unk> , the <unk> of <unk> would come before the <unk> of <unk> , and we would find ourselves reading <unk> after reading <unk> .
Mr President , I asked to make this explanation of vote because I voted against Mr Burtone &apos;s report in the wake of the statements made yesterday by the rapporteur .
You also need a framework .
The Commission should support Commissioner Flynn on this matter and get rid of tobacco subsidies in the interests of public health and of consumers .
Given the current situation in Afghanistan , it is obviously difficult to ensure that any measure can be totally efficient .
So much for setting a civilised example , Chancellor Schröder !
On this subject , it does not seem to be the right occasion to talk about a common procedure , distinct from the mandate contained in the Treaty of Amsterdam that refers to a common asylum procedure .
A different form of cooperation between the European Parliament and the Council is essential .
The Commission continues to opt for <unk> and at the very most extends the possibilities to emergency vaccination .
Furthermore , with regard to an aspect which is important to our economic future ; the reform of the common agricultural policy ( CAP ) , I believe we should also welcome the fact that we have achieved a reform which puts us in a very significant position in terms of the future , particularly for European agriculture and also for the negotiations in the World Trade Organisation ( WTO ) .
The proposal for a Council directive concerns the incineration of waste that is not covered by this directive , that is , non-hazardous waste , such as urban waste and certain other types of hazardous waste that are excluded from the scope of the previous directive .
That is why I support , above all , Amendments Nos 1 , 2 and 13 , but also other amendments .
Madam President , it is a pity Mr <unk> has just chosen this precise moment to leave the Chamber , but I am sure someone will tell him that I voted for this document on public works contracts in the water , energy and transport services sectors .
All of the films by the <unk> <unk> have been restored by the French Film <unk> and have recently been released on <unk> .
<unk> , we wanted to retain the national <unk> rules and the rules against unfair competition , but also to go one step further .
But the European Parliament , whose impact and role continue to increase , must be able to fulfil its obligation of communication towards the citizen .
Some people think that it is possible to create an internal market in Europe without agreeing on fundamental values and principles .
The entities making up a European <unk> of <unk> Cooperation – the original text uses the term ‘ cross-border ’ , but I have proposed in my report that this be replaced with the term ‘ territorial ’ – will be able to transfer selected public services to the <unk> , as well as <unk> it with some of their tasks , as provided for in the relevant regulations .
The matter is too serious for us to waste time on <unk> .
During the debate which was being conducted in <unk> English , one of the speakers who was talking about a great mess that the Government of Papua New Guinea had got themselves in used a beautiful word .
These thoughts were debated in depth in April , when the strengthening of cooperation between the European Union and its eastern and Mediterranean neighbours and how to evaluate their progress was examined .
We also need more confidence in our own abilities , and that is at the heart of this communication .
Can it clarify whether the inspectors were acting on behalf of NAFO or the Canadian Government ?
In the course of a speech to his party <unk> , Mr <unk> made some very strong and , in my personal judgment , highly offensive remarks about Muslims living in the West .
In December last year , the European Council demanded that the Palestinian Authority dismantle the Hamas and Islamic Jihad terrorist networks , arrest and prosecute everyone suspected of being involved in terrorist activities within its area of authority and publicly announce , in <unk> , the end of the <unk> .
I am adding &quot; <unk> &quot; , because although a number of sectors and activities are already covered by conclusive horizontal legislation , the <unk> rules are still pending .
The inclusion of mutual security guarantees in the Constitution should also be welcomed and consolidated .
A further relevant point is undoubtedly the establishment of measures to protect crews , and the possibility of <unk> others involved in the chain .
Madam President , we are concentrating in this part of the debate on our experience of more than a year &apos;s implementation of the GATT Agreement on farm products .
If you destroy the European agricultural industry you will destroy vast parts of the whole rural community and the whole infrastructure throughout Europe .
It is on the basis both of these efforts and of binding partnerships with the developing countries that - under the Danish Presidency too , and especially in Johannesburg - the EU will go on working to step up the international fight against hunger and poverty .
I cannot guarantee that I will be finished in five minutes .
These new Member States can therefore act as a natural ally for London in its desire to build a modern and <unk> EU that is developing rapidly , and that is free of fears and anxieties .
We are all in favour of a European labour market , but we are not giving unemployed people an opportunity to improve their communication skills through language <unk> in neighbouring countries .
I hope that links will be established at all levels between organisations , individuals and associations in the EU and their counterparts in the Russian Federation .
Ladies and gentlemen , I would like to say that , to my knowledge , Poland has had no detention camps , American or otherwise , where prisoners are illegally detained since 1989 .
The work that it does , the credit that it grants and the terms in which it does this , the technical support that it provides – all of these elements contribute to the Bank ’ s work being geared towards development , which is something that we endorse .
Both types of gelatine are manufactured using the same production process .
I believe this is also a matter of fairness .
India at the moment has signed a nuclear energy agreement with the United States , which shapes a new framework and a new power <unk> in Asia .
That is in our hands as Members of this House .
It deserves the shared responsibility of which Mr Barroso spoke .
If we want to see gender equality in working life , we must favour <unk> where this is promoted .
In any event - and this could serve as a summary of the debate - we cannot restrict our cooperation with third countries to purely trade and economic issues .
We have tabled amendments to that effect .
I welcome some of the progress that was made at Tampere : for instance , on giving them comparable rights and on the fight against racism and xenophobia .
As many Members of Parliament will know , this is in fact the fourth time that I personally have had the opportunity to discuss the case with Members of Parliament , and in particular with Members of the Petitions Committee .
Finally I would like to say that I support the introduction of <unk> with regard to the development of the information society .
Article 9 of the <unk> says that , in the proposal we are making , in the field of contracting , the executive committee must act totally independently from the management board in which the companies participating in the Joint <unk> would be represented , that is to say that the executive committee acts independently of the companies which may participate in tenders .
I am pleased that he has mentioned 1 May as an important date , but I would say that this 1 May could , in fact , be the date for European elections , in which case I would be in Mr Napolitano &apos;s camp .
Neither the current Union nor the candidate countries are really ready .
On the other hand , the starting point of the charter of the Federal <unk> is the autonomous need for a central bank to supply money to the economy , taking care equally of price stability , employment and a logical level for interest rates .
In particular it will be <unk> to the transit of Spanish goods .
However , what is hard to grasp politically in this case is the way this has happened .
As soon as all of the information is on the table , we will expect to receive a report from you stating who was responsible for this disaster , when , how and why .
Parliament has asked those Member States who have not yet done so to ratify the European Union Convention and the Council of Europe Convention on corruption in the public sector .
It is for all these reasons , Mr President , that the Europe of Nations Group , while acknowledging the quality of the work done by Mr Bertens , will be very vigilant regarding the concrete proposals based upon it by the European Commission .
If essential measures to combat terrorism and organized crime cannot be successfully completed , the blame lies with certain member countries , who take the common interest hostage in the satisfaction of obscure national interests .
In the European Union and the other rich countries this leads to the phenomenon of an ageing population , in the poor countries it leads to <unk> and worsening poverty that often takes on structural forms .
In its final decision , the Commission stated that , with regard to the <unk> <unk> and Transport sectors , the restructuring plan was adequate to ensure industrial recovery .
The law is one thing and generosity is another .
I can remember a time , not so long ago , and I am not sure that this period is behind us , when the <unk> man for himself &apos; mentality still prevailed and we accepted the presence of some organisations on our own soil on the condition that no action would be taken , even if this meant action would be carried out in a neighbouring country .
Over 50 of them , from six European countries , took part in a workshop at a college of higher education in my electoral district in which they acted out their own ‘ European Parliament ’ , the object being to make the EU more attractive to the public .
It can therefore take half its lifetime to arrive at rules for approval .
The COM seeks to distinguish <unk> wines from naturally sweet wines , thus adding to the fiscal burden on them and creating unfair competition between port and Madeira wines .
The Commission &apos;s external assistance programmes account for nearly EUR 10 billion this year , and the priority task of the Community delegations is to administer these programmes properly and efficiently .
Actually , I have a proposal .
This combined approach is in line with the ecologically responsible market economy , which is our model for the political order .
The combined evidence and documentation , provided not just by the Peruvian Government and judicial authorities , but also by international human rights organisations , is so overwhelming in relation to the murders , torture , corruption and abuse of power attributable to the former President <unk> who , over ten years of authoritarian government , many of them under a dictatorial system , oppressed the Peruvian people that I believe that this extradition will take place , particularly in view of the enormous prestige of the <unk> judicial system .
Ladies and gentlemen , since 22 April 1996 we have had partnership agreements with Georgia , Azerbaijan and Armenia and we hope these agreements will soon enter into force , for they are another important step in our endeavour to deepen our relations with these countries .
Anyone of my age - I am 54 - can remember their <unk> &apos; era and their parents &apos; era and , of course , is living in the current era .
Finally , the Commission welcomes the amendments proposed by the European Parliament , in particular Amendment 3 , which allows for a reporting system with a view to collecting reliable data .
However , the matter of whether decisions on taxation should be taken by majority vote was examined in the context of the Intergovernmental Conference .
Mr President , firstly I would like to thank the rapporteur , Mr <unk> ; he has done an excellent job , and the level of cooperation has been very <unk> .
The Commission , for its part , has done everything possible to support this initiative and those of the other prominent figures who are devoting their talents and experience to finding a peaceful settlement to the conflicts in the region .
It follows that the Commission &apos;s situation at present is similar to that referred to in Article 144 of the Treaty . &apos;
In the EU each year , hundreds of new invalidity cases occur which cause high costs for the occupational insurance systems .
Too often , unfortunately , the big matches - and especially the big international matches - are also the stage on which unacceptable aggression , <unk> and violence are acted out with scant regard for sporting principles or the respect due to persons and property .
We have visited the Arab world repeatedly over recent weeks .
The changes in the global economy have to be taken seriously , and we should not be making it difficult for farmers to cope in the face of major challenges .
As for the degree to which this concept has been implemented , we find that today , after four years , clearly visible and <unk> success has been achieved in only three areas .
Mr President , I rise on behalf of my group to support the compromise resolution and to say I would like to identify my group with the questions that were asked by Mr Cox and the criticisms that were expressed by Mr Donnelly on the question of the broad economic guidelines .
All the <unk> in the Committee on Budgets have worked extremely hard .
If the Council shows no inclination to speak , we can only note that fact .
An open and frank political debate on the priorities for the Union ’ s actions is a positive step , but a Community budget needs to be approved as soon as possible that not only reflects a balance among the various requirements of the Member States , but is also based on consistent , inclusive objectives .
It is now a question of giving citizens the power to control the institutions .
At the latest elections there , no progress was made .
I do think everything was done according to the Rules , but at all events I can assure you that we will take great care to ensure that the linguistic problems are sorted out as scrupulously as possible , as they have been in a number of other cases , moreover .
So , either the Luxembourg Presidency will handle it , if a political agreement is found , or it will be necessary to put your confidence in the British Presidency to resolve the problem .
It was of course disappointing that the British Conservative rapporteur informed me of his decision to abandon these important provisions for consumers and users in order to achieve political expediency .
We have repeatedly pointed out in previous years that there is a considerable risk in transit trade .
We agree with the principle of them , but we think they would be better included in other legislative instruments .
The fisheries sector , in its various sections , is an extremely sensitive sector .
I believe that the Committee on Petitions in this House does serve to bring the citizens closer to the institutions in general .
About three weeks ago , I received a telephone call from Brussels , telling me that <unk> <unk> had disappeared .
Even the Commission &apos; s estimate of payments for the preliminary draft budget has been very cautious , too cautious as far as we are concerned .
On the occasion of this Summit of Heads of State , of Presidents of Europe , of Latin America and of the Caribbean , I have been invited to a short meeting with the Secretary-General of the United Nations , Kofi Annan , who has promised me his full support for the constitutional assembly , both in terms of advice and in economic terms , in order to guarantee the in-depth democratic transformation of my country .
Will the Commission support <unk> technology ?
We are renewing our agreement with the principle of freedom of movement of services and facilitating it , but we are agreeing that social rights come first .
This is an important signal , if that country wants one day , and I hope it will , to become a full member of the European Union , when it complies with the principle of respect for fundamental rights .
In a second phase the political dialogue should be extended to the external agents who caused the military conflict in Zaire .
The time is coming for us to begin to consider this concept of productive population <unk> because it is necessary to competitiveness , because furthermore we are facing a repeated problem in Spain which we call ‘ the fish that <unk> its own <unk> ’ .
Unfortunately , the European satellite industry is very much dominated by governments .
Cooperation between the European Parliament and the ECB , as well as the operating methods of the European Central Bank , are in a process of evolution .
That is why , despite the reluctance of some Member States , we must also support the creation of a permanent European civil protection force , the famous ‘ Green <unk> ’ .
An EC food aid shipment of 30 000 tonnes channelled through the World Food Programme arrived in <unk> port last weekend .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , although officially this debate came about as a result of the recent floods in various Member States of the European Union , it has quickly moved towards a debate on Parliament &apos; s support for the Spanish Government &apos; s plan to make a series of major changes to the water management system in Spain , which we know as the national water plan .
However , moving from indicative guidelines to minimum principles , covering all audiovisual and online information services , replacing ‘ assertion of facts ’ with ‘ <unk> facts ’ : all of this raises some major legal problems .
This is not just about whose money it is ; we should also look for value for money .
All the agricultural improvement programmes ever invented will be useless if the desertification of the <unk> continues .
It should be emphasized - as we already have done when stating the reasons for our vote on the Thomas report on the new common organization of the market for bananas - that this situation has become possible only because the decisions of the World Trade Organization , which increasingly <unk> to American interests , are being imposed on the European Union without any reaction or show of political will by the latter in defence of its producers and those in the poor ACP countries .
I should therefore like to see the following issues addressed : the extent to which the negative consequences of a population decline may be addressed by innovation , higher rates of employment and modernisation of social protection ; whether there may also be positive aspects to the decline in population , for example on issues relating to the environment , traffic congestion and land development ; and whether a ‘ <unk> optimum ’ for Europe ’ s population size may ultimately be established .
We cannot have a repetition of the frustrating situation at Singapore in 1996 , of flagrant non-compliance with what was agreed at the 1994 WTO summit in <unk> .
As for individual programmes , the <unk> programme for the improvement of energy efficiency is really very modest and is founded mainly on an exchange of information .
Subject : <unk> on <unk> fishing This applies in particular to the treatment of various <unk> diseases such as Alzheimer ’ s disease and <unk> ’ s disease but also to more common diseases such as diabetes , the number of cases of which has <unk> .
I wish him well .
Argentina is the most recent case of such a collapse .
Mr President , the Seattle negotiations enabled us to see a small political opening up of the European Union &apos; s positions on agriculture as is the case with environmental concerns , food safety and the development of rural communities .
In addition to actions such as providing support and assistance to non-governmental organisations , institutions , organisations and associations , we also need to conduct effective campaigns to <unk> public opinion to the problem of violence and in particular to the problem of human trafficking involving women and children for the purpose of sexual exploitation .
Nor are there any other activities that might make the process and the results better known and create more <unk> support .
Those articles are very important in <unk> back to the objectives of social policy , and that is why we must avoid any misunderstanding .
If Europe does not manage to promote social justice , to affirm the right to work and the dignity of the individual , then I think it is legitimate to ask : &apos; what is the point of the integration process ? &apos;
The approach must be a global one and there must be an in-depth <unk> in the United Nations of the results of policies hitherto followed in the matter of drugs , leading if necessary to a revision of the UN Conventions on the matter .
And while the disease has appeared in only four Member States , we cannot yet be sure that it will not spread further .
( The President asked Mrs Gradin to clarify the Commission &apos;s intentions ) The Commission does not wish to reply today .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , we have added another floor to the building of the Union ’ s energy policy which the Commission – and in particular Vice-President de Palacio – have been promoting since the beginning of this legislative period .
This proposal is only a specific part of a whole package of rehabilitation and restructuring measures .
( The sitting was suspended at <unk> p. m. and resumed at <unk> p. m . ) I also said that the Council is definitely expecting Malta to try to make this application a <unk> matter , that everyone knows that the application withdrawn two years ago when the present opposition party came to power has been <unk> , and that the Member States are delighted that the people of Malta are so keen to become part of the European Union .
Mr President , Mrs Dührkop &apos;s report demonstrates that in the Parliament progress can be made without changing the Treaty .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 2001 ) by Mr Khanbhai , on behalf of the Committee on Development and Cooperation , on the Commission communications to the Council and Parliament on : What also strikes me in this report is a detail of the tribute paid to the Charter of Fundamental Rights .
Thank you , Mrs Hautala , but , as I explained to Mr Wurtz , you are <unk> our discussion on the agenda somewhat .
I also said in the first reading in October that the Commission should carry out research in two areas , marker vaccines and insurance systems .
Were these amendments by any chance intended in his country to cover half the cost of a <unk> car bridge to <unk> before long ?
Unfortunately , the President &apos;s remarks have been <unk> and his full <unk> and <unk> have not been reflected in the Minutes .
Furthermore , unfounded information was put about according to which <unk> <unk> could also be transmitted to humans by cats .
To my <unk> friends , I say that this is not some <unk> <unk> .
Telecommunications obey the laws of <unk> , and without access to the media of communication it is impossible to <unk> the messages they carry .
Attempts to create a so-called ‘ European culture ’ as a universal and uniform culture for all will bring more losses than benefits .
That is the job of the Treaty , the Court of Justice and the legislator .
I would thank you for your intervention and for the clear and courageous language with which you have broken through the governments ’ <unk> silence – or , as some people would say , <unk> – and , in this House and in the middle of the crisis , risen above all the internal political considerations and <unk> about renationalisation in order to speak on behalf of Europe .
On the occasion of the <unk> Olympic and <unk> <unk> Games , which take place in Turin between 10 and 26 February 2006 , the <unk> Committee of the Games and the city of Turin – in collaboration with the province of Turin , the region of <unk> and the Italian National Olympic Committee – have also been involved in laying on a rich programme of initiatives to support and promote the Olympic truce .
After all , we want to move towards a transparent form of European decision-making .
Europe provides an opportunity and a hope .
Mr President , the Voggenhuber report and the Commission communication on which it is based demonstrate only too well how Article 7 of the Treaty on European Union can become an <unk> machine enabling the Union , in the name of preventing or <unk> real or alleged violations of fundamental rights , to subject Member States to greater external supervision .
It is evidently becoming apparent that this is a serious matter .
Thank you Commissioner .
Or is it just one in a whole series of delays and <unk> ?
The Greens will not , therefore , vote in favour of the amendments which have undermined Mr Cunha &apos;s patient work .
It has really tried to reform its structures in order to achieve an improved balance in the eurozone .
The <unk> region I come from is one of the largest in Poland .
Greater cross-border cooperation , in particular , could help greatly in this area and remedy the development of <unk> .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate Mr Macartney .
Four ships have already left the United States and nine more are to follow .
We will clarify this matter , Mr Ribeiro e Castro .
We must see to it that , as Members of Parliament , we have access to the necessary expertise so that we can do some serious legislative work .
Finally , I would like to touch upon protective measures for personal data .
Mr Commissioner , I was particularly taken with your announcement regarding the legal foundation for a community initiative on food safety .
We also support the motion for a resolution tabled by Mrs <unk> , containing the essential elements of a European policy for the sector .
The main objectives are fighting the digital divide through implementing computer literacy methods , promoting virtual <unk> , <unk> of schools , promoting and disseminating good practice and cooperation between Community programmes and action instruments promoted at national level .
Please do not confine millions like me to a <unk> citizenship simply because of our appearance and by ignoring our contribution .
While we are reinforcing this cooperation , we should also concern ourselves greatly with the guarantees of democracy , fundamental rights , provided for in our <unk> .
If we then propose to combine modulation and <unk> , applying them side by side , we will find ourselves in the situation , clear from any <unk> model , where the income of holdings is falling by , in the case of a medium-sized holding of 100 hectares , almost 30 % .
The big problem is that the desert is expanding and tropical forests are in bad shape , threatened by greed and crime .
It is no coincidence that the defence of citizens &apos; rights is the chief aim of both institutions .
Another element of doubt that makes the 2002 budgetary decision more complex is Council &apos; s failure to respond to the 2001 letter of Amendment No 1 on the implementation of early retirement schemes .
We will there , I think , see the presidency able to announce a commitment from the European Union for the first year of reconstruction in Iraq which will be larger than the pledge that we were able to make for Afghanistan at <unk> .
Since the fall of <unk> in September , which led to our Parliament &apos;s first resolution and has <unk> today &apos;s debate , the situation has continued to worsen , especially in humanitarian terms .
The Solidarity Fund created in 2002 has generally worked quite successfully , if judged against the objectives and conditions set out in its legal basis .
In my reply I concentrated on our administrative activities - in other words , support for organisations which can act thanks to our financial support and other supplementary measures .
Nevertheless , demography is not a <unk> .
And , while it is true that the euro campaign has turned out to be very successful and that its entry into circulation is a great boost , there are other great challenges such as institutional reform and enlargement , which will still demand a great effort over the coming years .
You will not see the honourable Member and some others for a <unk> of dust !
The <unk> of this Parliamentary report by Mr <unk> <unk> the main weakness of the Commission , which is not to have marked this fact .
This means that professionals - doctors , lawyers , architects , <unk> , etc - are entitled to provide their services and pursue their activities in another Member State .
As we now discuss this report by Mr <unk> , some of these <unk> corridors &apos; are already operating between Belgium , France , Luxembourg and Italy , with <unk> towards Spain , and it should be pointed out that a similar agreement between Germany , Austria , the Netherlands , Denmark and Sweden has been signed .
The Council President tells us that it has been decided to release a sum of EUR 150 million for the refugees from Kosovo .
Social growth has occurred only in those areas where the tourist market has given rise to the development of all the activities required to meet the needs of visiting tourists , thus creating an entire productive system .
I remember his time as a great <unk> , and I was delighted that someone from a European country was able to end American dominance of the sport .
The Member States will have this power until the Council has completed the relevant harmonization .
Time and time again this nuclear plant has been found wanting , and most independent experts have clearly spelled out that it is highly suspect and unsafe .
Employment remains the first priority .
The Services Directive extends beyond interests and it addresses values .
The worst thing about this agency , though , is its structure .
Among other things , it seeks to relieve the fishing sector of responsibility for depleted fish stocks by saying that it is the fault of pollution , habitat destruction etc .
Until such time as Turkey has in place a national programme to remedy all these defects , we have to have serious doubts about its willingness to start accepting our rules .
To some extent there will be additional responsibilities but surely as we approach the new millennium , the least we can expect from ferry companies is an acknowledgement that they ought to know how many people are on their ships and who they are .
As coordinator for the Socialist Group in the European Parliament , I am keen to champion respect for the commitments we have made to Europeans .
This clear stance has been a major force for good .
Once again , an appeal to European solidarity is being made in this Parliament and it is the Commission &apos; s duty to find ways of putting this into practice .
Of course , Mrs Smet , who has brought forward this report , having <unk> it up from the last Parliament , has to accept that as a former Council member she had to accept the common position of the Council which she now rejects .
Mr President , Mr Commissioner , I am going to try to be diplomatic .
Mr Rübig , the Commission fully understands the inconvenience experienced by passengers when in one Member State of the Union they are prohibited from carrying certain objects , while in another Member State those objects may be taken on board .
That is why I welcome Mr <unk> &apos;s excellent report .
I feel that we have <unk> in the past in that we have failed to implement and monitor the existing directive adequately .
As far as structural measures are concerned , the maximum guidelines provide us with a useful set of policy recommendations that have to be implemented under the responsibility of each Member State , enabling us to <unk> the rigidity that currently affects the labour market by , for example , reforming the social welfare system to guarantee efficiency and fairness between the generations in the current systems ; introducing improvements into the education and vocational training system so that priority is given to employment for the less qualified , young people and women ; reducing indirect wage costs ; encouraging , where appropriate , regional and <unk> mobility ; and reviewing working hours and the organization of work .
The capacity of governments for confronting this crisis is totally non-existent .
At the same time , we recognise that the proposal has a number of weak points and gaps , which the rapporteur has detected and seeks to correct through a number of amendments , all of which we find both rational and fair .
However , the effectiveness of these measures is not completely predictable or entirely within the control of Member States themselves .
Mr President , Commissioner , I do not really know what mysterious force dictates that Environment Committee business should always be the last item on the agenda .
How will you guarantee that EU resources used by the campaigners for a ‘ yes ’ vote can be used equally well by the campaigners for a ‘ no ’ vote ?
Film , therefore , acting as an instrument of mediation to promote a more responsive approach from citizens to information and knowledge about Europe and its institutions .
<unk> would have had it that the Union impose a complete moratorium ( since maize is likely to be followed rapidly by genetically modified soya and rape , with all the risks they bring ) , until research with convincing results has concluded either that the marketing of this seed is harmless or dangerous .
That concludes voting time .
As Mrs Randzio-Plath said , we must remember that the reason why certain Members want to revive this question is because of the recent international financial crises and their economic , social and environmental consequences which have been felt by all in some countries .
Therefore , on the question of whether the Commission considers that such disciplines would make it impossible to invest in Cuba , taking account of the historical factors mentioned by the honourable Member , I would say clearly once again that the coverage of past <unk> is not excluded by the wording of the understanding but that it presupposes that a clear violation of international law has taken place and , as I have indicated , the understanding only commits the European Union to disciplines which would <unk> and deter investments , and not to disciplines which would prohibit investments .
In conclusion , then , all of us must think things over once again .
I know Günther Verheugen well , I know how committed he is to enlargement and how hard he is working for its success .
There is no real democratic control over the <unk> of the European Development Fund , whilst in the Member States , development aid expenditure is controlled by the national parliaments .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , our readiness to provide all possible forms of financial assistance to the states of Central and Eastern Europe is beyond doubt .
A few words now on doctors in training .
I hope that some in this room will join in that endeavour .
I would also remind you that the sixth framework programme of the European Atomic Energy Community , again for 2002 to 2006 , has earmarked a budget of EUR <unk> million for research into controlled <unk> fusion , which could contribute to long-term energy supplies and consequently to the requirements of sustainable development for reliable centralised basic load electricity production .
On the other hand , the Commission can accept entirely or partially , a number of amendments .
Subject : Cuba and the Helms-Burton Act When we talk of giving , we should also think about what we will be taking .
We need more green <unk> in our cities .
Mr President , I have listened carefully to Mr Rack ’ s presentation of his splendid report .
Sadly enough , ten years after the fall of the Berlin Wall , ten years after the spectacular revolution in Central and Eastern Europe , fear of Moscow continues to cause the nations of this region to seek security and economic prosperity in the West .
He is , it would appear , a devoted defender of the national or Community taxpayers , but in this specific context he has decided that he will not do battle .
Well then , if we want this system to work , we must establish an authoritative institution to help us coordinate economic policy headings .
There are , of course , areas where major political efforts are being made by the Union and its institutions , often in association with other world powers .
In short , I should like to emphasise the importance of regional policy in the context of the Lisbon objectives , innovation , promotion of competition and the new second budget objective , partly because this can promote cooperation in regions and cooperation between partners .
I think Bulgaria has made good progress , which gives us confidence for the numerous tasks still remaining .
Ladies and gentlemen , today is a sad day of <unk> for the whole of humanity .
It is based on the duty of mutual defence , in the firm conviction that the defence of each and every Member State is the best way to show that we belong to a single family .
They continue , in great numbers , to use the national currencies to which they are accustomed and they only use euros very rarely .
These are very sensitive points and they will all firstly require a broad political consensus and a great political will in order to find common solutions .
The Garosci Report is in preparation at the moment .
That is why , despite the apparent <unk> , there is no alternative to pressing on with the efforts towards peace .
Against that we have balanced all the points made by another section of European industry that says that injury would be suffered if there were anti-dumping measures taken .
Madam President , after the cease-fire , the <unk> war between Ethiopia and Eritrea has broken out once again .
Mr President , at this point in the debate , there is not perhaps a very great deal new to add , but I shall nonetheless have a try .
We have been talking , today , about children who seek asylum .
We urgently need to adopt a single position and <unk> strategies .
I shall summarise : firstly , we are not <unk> the right of the Russian government to fight the brutal terrorism in <unk> .
Madam President , I asked for the floor to raise the same point .
People who would never have believed themselves capable of <unk> abuse suddenly find that the explosion has taken place , and that they have struck out and hurt someone they love .
This is why the European Parliament must energetically support Mr <unk> &apos;s idea to introduce global taxes on capital movements .
We are currently preparing a coordinated aid programme for both food aid and public health assistance .
<unk> / 96 , by Mr Puerta and others , on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left / Nordic Green Left , on the disaster at the <unk> <unk> &apos; <unk> at Biescas ( Spain ) ; <unk> / 96 , by Mr <unk> <unk> and others , on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos;s Party , on the disaster which occurred at Biescas ( Spain ) on 7 August 1996 , leaving 86 dead , 1 missing , hundreds injured and considerable material damage ; <unk> / 96 , by Mr Pasty , on behalf of the Union for Europe Group , on the disaster which occurred at Biescas ( Spain ) on 7 August 1996 , which leaving 86 dead , 1 missing , hundreds injured and considerable material damage ; <unk> / 96 by Mr Izquierdo <unk> and Mr <unk> <unk> , on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , on the disaster in Biescas ( <unk> , Spain ) ; <unk> in Spain We still have major misgivings about some sections of the Commission proposal , though , including , for example , the concept of ‘ safe third countries ’ .
Since I do not want to take advantage of the President &apos;s patience , I have <unk> my ten prepared comments into those three basic points .
The various <unk> by partisan institutes that essentially exist to do work commissioned by the crude oil interests should be regarded with the greatest suspicion .
He only has to threaten and the heads of government come <unk> for concessions on <unk> <unk> .
It does not provide for equality between the members .
We have just received the document which forms the basis for the new <unk> Office , and I have to say that we are extremely surprised to receive it now , having had very intensive meetings yesterday and the day before .
Parliament has finally appeared on the European stage where legislation is concerned .
That is to say there is an element of <unk> in the UK now : you either accept training , education or work or you may have your benefits cut off or reduced .
The changes we have seen on <unk> reporting have been very welcome .
Question No 38 by ( <unk> / 00 ) : Or what about the women and girls who are forced , by their environment , and particularly by members of their family , to suffer sexual mutilation ?
As I said in my remarks , I felt when I was speaking to some of them that they did not know whether to <unk> or to cry and it is a reminder to all of us of the tests we have set ourselves and the tests which it is imperative that we meet over the coming months and years and in that context the High Representative &apos; s remarks today were extremely encouraging .
Otherwise such payments amount to nothing more than financing terrorism .
I appreciate the difficult issues the Environment Committee had to address – in particular regarding ethics and other related issues .
Austria , the country which probably shares one of the longest external borders with the candidate countries , is justifiably interested in ensuring that the crossing and opening of the common border is organised in such a way as to bring advantage to both sides and harm to neither .
How many tests have been conducted on <unk> ?
That air transport is one of the major sectors that has an impact on growth is not a matter of dispute , and it is something of which we have all been made aware during the debate on these two reports .
The Council and its members are now continuing the work , for example during the UN General Assembly in New York .
Today , these imbalances have become so serious that - while paying tribute to the efforts of the rapporteur - I cannot endorse some of his conclusions , or indeed some of his premises .
If we demand that they get an additional vehicle for the travel office just for the week of the part-session - which is now only four days long - then it would seem to me that we have <unk> the mark and are guilty of harassment .
For this reason the Swedish Left Party rejects all proposals to regulate the electoral system at EU level on such matters as constituency boundaries and qualifying percentages for small parties .
This is ultimately cheaper , also for the consumer .
Nevertheless , even though we agree that cohesion policy needs revising , even revising somewhat radically , we do not agree that it should be abolished or <unk> .
<unk> Member States do not want the Union to become a military alliance or military superpower .
At the present time , however , there is no conclusive scientific evidence that <unk> fields can directly cause cancer .
Of course a great deal of work remains to be done in connection with the pre-accession strategy and on a structured dialogue as with all other Central and Eastern European countries .
We are not engaged in what has occasionally been rather <unk> described as <unk> or , by one distinguished politician , as social work .
All the main demands advanced by Parliament at the two previous readings have been incorporated by the Council .
It will be borne by the consumers and will constitute an additional element of the price of electricity used .
Let me give you another brief example .
My conclusion is that the Israeli Government has applied excessive force which has been widely condemned , and rightly so .
In our view , Member States need to be given the time to do the groundwork properly .
That is the only way we can make progress with the idea that more cohesion also means more Europe .
All we have to do is take them .
We must help with the means at our disposal to find the perpetrators and <unk> them .
The construction of the tunnel under <unk> may only continue if this can be done without risk to the environment and in consultation with the <unk> local authority , whose opinions should be accorded a decisive role .
Moreover , leading Members of this House are <unk> and putting about false <unk> , even attempting to prevent opinions that they find <unk> from <unk> in plenary debates , and the people who advance them from being heard from the floor .
I would like to say that the debate will take place , although there will be no vote .
This multilateral monitoring , the growth and increasing <unk> of which is becoming a characteristic of the current European Union , poses two problems .
What , then , is the project on which we should initially focus the debate of Parliament &apos; s , the only genuinely democratic institution and maybe the only institution which is capable of involving the public as well ?
Does that mean there can be no dialogue between the Council , representing the governments , and the European Parliament on defence and security ?
We cannot simply oppose options that some consider to be <unk> ; we must provide a response that is proportionate to the threats made by the other side , in the shape of someone who , in the past , has shown complete contempt for international law and who is still failing to provide guarantees that he will respect such law now and in future .
That is neither in the interests of those who have goods to transport either through or within Switzerland nor is it in the interests of the neighbouring countries .
Madam President , my last explanation of vote relates to economic actors during the period of transition to the euro .
But at the <unk> point or end of that period there is no effective way of <unk> the project if it has not proved successful .
We have voted and the House , by a very large majority , has voted against .
However , it looks as if communication with Turkish Cypriots – convincing them that Europe is friendly and welcoming – has paid off .
I am convinced that the difficult political problems in Iraq can only be effectively addressed in Iraq under the auspices of the United Nations .
Even in my own country , where Tunisia is rarely mentioned , there have been a number of indignant press articles in the last few days about the way in which the members of the Tunisian Communist Party are being treated .
It is also an environmental project .
Similarly , unification of monetary conditions within the euro zone will not be beneficial , or even <unk> , for all its members .
Mr President , I wish briefly to take issue with what Mrs <unk> – who unfortunately has now left the Chamber – said a minute ago .
The whole area must be managed by the stakeholders through the regional advisory councils , if not , we will never bridge the deep divide that exists between fishermen and scientists at the moment .
It is true that they are not yet Members , but is it possible to discuss the Convention without them ?
With <unk> businesses .
That is going to bring Europe much closer to our citizens , so we will be all right then , <unk> n &apos;t us ? &apos;
Now Community law is dominated by Geneva law .
The other is that if the Commission , in December 2004 , can establish that the criteria - the political criteria - have been met , the Council will also take a decision on starting accession negotiations .
.
I voted in favour of the report by my fellow Member , Mr <unk> , on the proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing for the period 2007-2013 a programme to promote active European citizenship .
Mr <unk> , during the vote there are no points of order and I am not going to give you the floor .
This year , the Swedish and the Belgian Presidencies will work with Parliament and the Commission to encourage wide-ranging discussions with all parties concerned : representatives of national parliaments and of public opinion , schools and universities and representatives of civil society .
The investment needs to be <unk> .
More than other people , perhaps , I am strongly affected by these <unk> , since the similar - though less serious - tragedies which I had to face when I was France &apos;s Minister for Consumer Affairs , from 1981 to 1984 , have left their mark on me .
Mr President , terrorism is a scourge attacking and afflicting our societies .
No decision has yet been taken in my group as to what buildings we need .
We were given an explanation , but Parliament ’ s President has in the meantime decided that , contrary to the wish expressed in the motion itself , we must vote on the motion .
If we hold a third ballot , we can do so <unk> , as we decided .
In a few months ’ time , the Heads of State or Government of the <unk> and the European Union will meet in Mexico .
Has the time not come for the Commission to throw the book at the <unk> Member State ?
If the Commission has officially withdrawn that proposal , I am not aware of it .
For reasons of competition alone , individual Member States are rarely able to make progress here .
You , Commissioner , cannot simply stand by and say that you will see to it that there are as many aircraft as possible in place in the event of a fire ; we have to take action before things get that far .
I would like to thank Mr Cox for what I understand have been very generous words on his part .
I am not in favour - and I say so quite clearly , despite all the difficulties which we have to overcome - of sending yet another box of <unk> over to the Council in its building and <unk> yet another <unk> around it and saying , all right , we <unk> our faith in the fact that the whole procedure is <unk> with legal problems .
They will introduce <unk> , since legal persons or groups rather than the courts will decide whether a criminal act , namely <unk> , is a criminal act or not .
The idea of the accession of <unk> countries to the European Union as one group has logical implications for the definition of the <unk> border whose length will depend on the map of the enlarged European Union .
Mr President , today is New Year ’ s Day in Bangladesh .
I tell them with great <unk> that they should be quicker .
Many measures will be needed in the coming months .
The European institutions are not state organisations but <unk> authorities to whom a limited number of powers are delegated .
I think we have achieved a great deal in the three areas for which my committee is responsible , with the codecision on the stability instrument , with the options made available to us by financial regulation , with the breakdown of appropriations and enhanced political substance .
The technical amendments to the present Directive are all correct in principle and long since overdue .
– Mr President , the Irish Presidency marks the start of a new , more liberal period after the South European presidential term .
I still nevertheless wish to draw attention to the fact that decisions made solely within the Union to increase maritime safety are not enough .
Should these agreements be fully funded by the European Union ?
There are cases in which the current agreements have not to date contained adequate guarantees .
Millions of lives have been saved through these efforts and with the high level of expertise that now exists in this area , I am sure that we can build on these successes .
The second challenge is this : there will be repercussions .
The government has yet to provide to the Commission an evaluation of the value for money of that scheme .
We can achieve it by <unk> applying the precautionary principle , as my honourable colleague has explained .
Having been an <unk> now for twelve years , I have never in a case of maladministration had to ask for documents on really secret matters .
<unk> is one of the principles of a common Europe .
A <unk> might argue that all this discussion amounts to hot air and is <unk> for a lack of real progress .
We must demand full compliance with the agreements concluded and ongoing inspection by inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency .
Europeans need to be able to identify with the body governing them , but with what I would call rational emotion .
This is another matter altogether .
Mr President , today we face real problems as a result of the massive influx of families of refugees arriving with <unk> and babies in <unk> to seek asylum .
This , also , is an unrealistic aspiration - society cannot deliver this .
Its independence must go hand in hand with efforts to explain its policies and only an open , permanent and in-depth dialogue between the institutions is likely to establish this dialogue and to facilitate the search for a satisfactory balance between the different components of economic policy in order to increase growth and create jobs .
The 2001 White Paper proposed that the Commission set out parameters , more precise criteria , for the creation , operation and supervision of these agencies .
I think that you will receive a great deal of support from Parliament .
Mr President , I believe that we have probably all failed - and not only in relation to the Iraq issue - to highlight the objectives and actual raison d <unk> of the EU as a peace project .
That is the way it is in many places in Europe .
Europe should have given a sign here that the same rules of play apply to everybody , big or small .
The establishment of a well-functioning internal market in the area of services is a key opportunity to free up the potential of Europe .
At the Commission , we have used a number of controls to ensure that the directive is implemented .
There is an EU programme called Interreg – detailed in the British press today – which demands the setting-up of ‘ transnational regions ’ .
The FAO has still not received any lists of the vessels countries want .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , if all goes well tomorrow , our Parliament will give the green light to these two new regulations in the food sector .
Violence at football matches is organised and <unk> nowadays , frequently using sport as a front for common crime , such as selling drugs and laundering <unk> money , according to an investigation carried out in Britain .
The Council &apos; s Working Party on Financial Questions also <unk> over the topic of VAT and e-commerce .
Only where the food contains a living genetically modified <unk> will the regulation apply in full .
As for the countries of Europe , it is argued that the regimes we have today are more in the nature of <unk> than democracies .
The lesson learned from the single currency gives us an invaluable weapon for deepening our institutions further , which is essential if we wish to promote enlargement of the Union without endangering its cohesion .
If Europe goes along this path it will be widening its <unk> both <unk> and horizontally and I hope very much that we shall consider carefully before embarking on this road .
Cyprus and all the applicant countries of eastern and central Europe are destined to be members of the Union .
I also think it would be a good idea to see if we can agree on a system of mutual recognition .
Commissioner , the statements on the failure of the climate conference were lacking in credibility .
For that we need money .
The products have become more expensive and also hard to obtain .
The progress report which I have mentioned , and about which my <unk> Mr Kinnock has already informed the Committee on Budgetary Control , reaffirms that all Commissioners must reassure themselves that the systems of internal control adopted and administered by the Director-General operate satisfactorily .
I should like to draw your attention to work which is currently in progress .
.
The second point I would like to make - and which I would have wished to make yesterday before the vote - is that this Parliament , as other speakers <unk> yesterday , can only really have an effect if it works in close cooperation and synergy with the European Commission .
I therefore appeal to you , Mr President-in-Office , to seek <unk> harmony with <unk> <unk> and the Bush Administration but not to <unk> from their political <unk> sheet .
I am sure that by the end of this year , or early next year , we will also have agreed a substantive proposal to open up the market for services .
I want to reject any suggestion that those people , who we all saw demonstrating last week , were nothing but a <unk> of terrorists .
Nevertheless the <unk> process of <unk> of the country continues , under the decisive leadership of the High Representative Carlos <unk> and his deputy Jacques <unk> , with the help of SFOR troops .
At the last elections , European citizens showed their desire to see the creation of Europe as a reality .
The <unk> and the review of the can make a huge contribution to the better functioning of the internal market .
I have already been called a <unk> for taking that stance , despite my optimism .
The first consequence of this situation is that we cannot vote on this draft , even though it is on the agenda .
It almost gives the impression that the Commission just wants to relieve itself of a <unk> duty .
If , however , current economic data <unk> from the forecast values , these recommendations lose some of their validity .
These activities are covered by the Directive on environmental impact assessment and the Directive on Integrated Pollution Prevention and Control .
Mr President , in this very brief speech , I would like to stress the importance of the exchange of information for combating the kind of terrorism we are discussing .
The splendid images , the music and the <unk> tell the story of <unk> <unk> , <unk> of <unk> , the <unk> <unk> and <unk> .
As an <unk> , I , with others , was determined to set my own country free from a <unk> , authoritarian , backward regime .
I must tell you , ladies and gentlemen , that I hope , given the degree of adjustment and development , that we are now on the finishing touches .
This programme must be valued and seen as a laboratory for innovation .
We came across a small problem , however , which relates to innovation .
– We therefore call on China to bring its influence to bear in Sudan in order that the <unk> of UN troops in Darfur may be agreed to without delay .
Of course we could consider a long-term programme - five years - but , in our opinion , this period of time is excessive .
This is also quite a different situation to the first BSE crisis , because at the time of the first crisis the old agricultural guidelines were still in force , and they were far more liberal .
That is a different matter from reconstruction aid proper .
However , Commissioner , I am also talking about the possibility of economic development in rural areas and the fact that , when it comes to the second pillar , we are now threatened with financial exhaustion .
Who could have forecast that in the second half of that century all those countries would be together or that we would be all together as we are today ?
- ( SV ) We have voted against the report by Mrs Müller on food supplements .
It should also be an opportunity to <unk> ourselves with US plans for the next four years , and to set out our European expectations .
Ladies and gentlemen , as the request does not have sufficient support , we cannot verify a quorum .
Indeed organizations and foundations today play an important role in what the Commission calls the Community scenario , intervening in all areas of social activity .
The bulk of the European Union &apos;s agricultural concessions to South Africa are scheduled to begin after 2003 or 2005 , so that they can <unk> with progress in the CAP reforms .
But the daily – and I repeat daily – pollution scandal in European and international waters seems not to attract widespread public attention .
Mrs <unk> Tous proposes a number of constructive amendments and additions to the Commission &apos;s proposal .
The credibility of each and every one of us is at stake here .
We must not forget that the desire for a Convention was conceived the morning after the night of the Nice Council .
Madam President , the report states that the EU is at present in a difficult situation , with <unk> growth , falling profits , lower external demand , reduced confidence among companies and consumers and increased unemployment .
It is vital that the European Commission should understand once and for all that the system it has proposed - encouraging the scrapping of vessels by increasing the scrapping premium , but selecting only vessels from the Member States that have fulfilled the <unk> targets - will ultimately run seriously counter to the stated aim of the measure .
We have heard them before , but I repeat that this is the fastest growing part of the waste stream - indeed , it is growing three times faster than other waste <unk> .
I remain convinced that the automatic exchange of information between Member States on interest payments is a means and not an essential condition for ensuring effective taxation of cross-border interest payments .
Of course , there may be different proposals and isolated action by Member States , but that will not be effective .
We might add social security , <unk> funds , a favourable taxation system , protection of coastal fishing , avoidance of social dumping , aquaculture , maintenance of the <unk> exclusion zone , and so on , and the maintenance of Community preference , of course , for us Europeans , who are net importers .
The European Parliament has not been given reliable answers to the many criticisms it has raised during the past few months .
Secondly , &apos; mainstreaming &apos; is an empty expression which needs to be <unk> up .
Madam President , I think I owe it to Mr Tomlinson to make an apology for my rather strong statement in relation to his views .
Gender discrimination becomes very clear to anyone able to study the research reports that exist .
Why not let the Commissioner responsible chair the Council in its <unk> for economic policy and interior affairs ?
They rely to varying degrees on <unk> provision to complement these public schemes .
The resources in question belong to the armed forces , who could be allowed to continue to operate them .
Personally speaking , I am in favour of a reform simplifying the procedures , including the adoption of a single language , that is to say , English , by means of rules also allowing small and medium-sized enterprises to utilise this fundamental instrument .
On the financial side , I should like to say that obviously the issue of fair contributions and a balanced budget in terms of both income and expenditure forms part of the Agenda debate .
The spirit of collaboration with which the three great institutions have approached this file has been admirable .
However , as it stands , paragraph 6 goes too far , as it stands , in calling upon NATO member states to propose a moratorium , as the precautionary principle is included in the draft which urges NATO to consider other types of weapons until the results of the enquiry on depleted uranium are published .
Flexibility , minimum regulation and a belief that farming and rural development are allies , not alternatives are , in my opinion , the way to proceed .
The Treaty of Amsterdam has established the legitimacy of certain forms of cooperation between Member States within the Union &apos; s institutional framework in order to move beyond the level of integration that has already been achieved .
I do not want to bind future presidencies to this procedure , but I am not going to do both .
Thank you , Mr Dupuis .
The Council made all the relevant decisions relating to procedure to ensure the speedy examination of the Commission &apos;s proposals , bearing in mind the aim the Council has to finish the job , if at all possible , before the end of the year .
The Commission communication is the third and final stage in a detailed review procedure which has lasted over 18 months and in which many interested agencies have participated from the whole of Europe .
In my view , it is essential that Parliament support this proposal .
We must have both efficiency and ethics .
Only thus can we convince of the importance of the yes vote , based henceforth on the European perspective .
During the 1990s , a sharp fall in contributions has penalised health funds .
In the preliminary draft budget for 1998 it could make more money available for actions in this field .
Mr President , I received a written question from Mr MacCormick , which I intended to answer , but as I also had a letter from him , I <unk> to send him a detailed reply in writing , which I hoped he would receive today .
The Council too , and specifically the UK Presidency , are to be congratulated on this result .
However , it is gratifying to see that energy taxation is being worked on .
I fully agree with the words of Mr Haarder in congratulating the <unk> government and pointing to the courage that government has shown .
The assessment role that this agency is planned to have is something else that we ought by rights to leave with the European Court of Justice , rather than allowing it to be put at risk by duplicated functions .
We shall be expressing these in the resolution which we are to vote on , I hope , tomorrow .
People working in this field welcome the directive .
Better focused state aid means better economic results and governance and ultimately , better and more secure jobs and better use of tax-payers &apos; money .
The major achievement of the Irish presidency was to secure agreement on a Treaty that establishes a Constitution for Europe but , allied to this , a key priority was to communicate Europe better to its citizens .
The debate is closed .
The European Union ’ s strategy is global in character and provides for a whole series of measures .
– Mr President , the Titley report is a positive step towards enhancing road safety .
Mr Kinnock , our rapporteur must have had some idea of the answers that you were going to give because he asked me for the floor even before you expressed yourself .
The international community cannot tolerate such an escalation for much longer .
The good qualities of the Commission and the Commissioners are not in question - the problem runs deeper than that .
Mr President , first of all I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to the European Parliament for commemorating the Hungarian revolution of 1956 .
The debate is closed .
Secondly , some customs authorities cannot - I prefer to think this rather than that they do not collaborate - effectively monitor observance of the requirements set out in Community legislation on guarantees because of failures in their <unk> operating or computer systems and procedures .
It is known that an ever-increasing share of the EU &apos;s own resources is dependent on the gross domestic product .
We are all aware that this crisis has roots in the past , that it is more than just a consequence of the events of 11 September , that it is also the result of excessive market fragmentation .
Parliament has welcomed the Commission &apos;s approach of bringing together <unk> , inland ports and <unk> , because these are <unk> interconnection points in the transport network .
She was somewhat critical of the lack of an arms embargo .
That brings me to my second point .
Thank you very much , Mr Bolkestein .
Mr President , I would like firstly , as other Members have done , to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Manders , and the rapporteur for my group , Mrs <unk> , who has not just been able to reach agreements with Mr Manders , but also to seek consensus within the group and also to inform us punctually of what was happening with this proposed Directive .
It was impossible to get a majority .
The Union and its institutions have - with good reason - been criticised for being too distant from the people .
This possibility is alarming , partly because there is no democratic control whatsoever over this system .
What answer are we in a position to give , today , apart from our own inadequacy ?
We have night sittings and virtually no opportunity even to meet the visitors &apos; groups who come here .
The Commission has , furthermore , presented a report , in which it has noted , if in a general way , that the current division more or less appropriately reflects the real situation in different member countries .
Côte d &apos; <unk> could become a role model and take the lead in the region .
I am persuaded that any German citizen - or come to that any French or <unk> citizen - would have been called upon to answer before the German courts in the same way as Mr Le Pen .
Report ( <unk> / 2001 ) by Mr Harbour , on behalf of the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy , on <unk> <unk> Internet : the need for an EU research initiative &#91; 2000 / <unk> ( INI ) &#93; In this document , the different possibilities for improving its ways of working are <unk> as far as professional shortcomings , financial irregularities , fraud and corruption are concerned .
I mention this here because the European Parliament &apos;s resolution could give the impression that the EU is not sufficiently represented in the peace process .
We think back to 17 June <unk> , to the Soviet tanks in <unk> in 1956 and in <unk> in 1968 , and cast our minds back to the great freedom movements of the 1980s , <unk> Solidarity , the popular desire for freedom in Central and Eastern Europe , and 9 November 1989 , the day when the wall came down .
I am unable to accept the remaining amendments , in particular Amendment No 13 which aims to increase the minimum period for pay to six months .
This is not a barrier which is being built on the border between Israel and the West Bank ; it is a barrier that has been built around the towns and villages of the Palestinian people .
The Commission had proposed ECU 30 million .
I should like once again to thank the Committee on Budgetary Control for its preparatory work in this regard , which has allowed me in the short time available to draw up this report , and I should especially like to thank Mr Blak and Mrs Theato .
The Prestige - as Mr Haarder will be aware - could also have broken up in the <unk> &apos; , one of the most dangerous places in the Baltic Sea , the scene of <unk> accidents , <unk> and ships being driven the wrong way .
However , it is dangerous , first and foremost , because we are on the eve of the inauguration of the Mediterranean area of free trade in 2010 , which will make the Mediterranean sea a major area of social , economic , human and political exchange for which we must be prepared .
Without <unk> fishing we cannot do this effectively .
The rising death toll on the roads is forcing us to have second thoughts .
We do not subscribe to your project .
Because of the serious problems of small island States resulting from climate change - many of them are facing threats to their economic and even physical existence - a hearing of experts on this problem was held at the Luxembourg session and it was decided to set up a new working group to draw up a report .
Let us consider the scenario whereby the Commission , not <unk> itself to be equal to the task , wishes , or proposes to shed , for example , its powers to implement common policies , which it is nevertheless accorded by the Treaty .
What we were doing was quite simply entering into the budget remarks in accordance with article <unk> of the Financial Regulation .
The Spanish Government has until now shown considerable maturity in its response to this situation .
We will have to prepared in the best possible way and find the right balance .
Question No 30 by ( <unk> / 00 ) : It is the European idea which is killing , it is therefore the European idea which must be killed .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
More needs to be done , but we must avoid creating more bureaucracy .
Thirdly , Who gets the money ?
Do not get your own Member States into trouble .
As the regulation sets a deadline of 30 June 2006 , there are at present no more prospects of transfers of vessels under the scheme .
This association agreement will after all offer the European Union the chance of a structured political dialogue with Algeria and in the context of that we can raise the question of the Algerian Government &apos;s human rights policy with it .
Since this is a complex and delicate issue , we are going to hold a debate in committee this afternoon , in an extraordinary meeting , and on Wednesday we will hold another , as a result of the Commission &apos;s statement .
Mr Putin has talked quite openly of the fact that the war in the Caucasus is exclusively , or primarily , about energy and raw material interests which are being defended there .
Western companies involved in the illegal exploitation of Congolese riches should also be exposed .
We want to cooperate with North America in these matters too , but also - and particularly - with sound backing from the Council .
We want to act on this point with total transparency so that the European Parliament is kept fully informed of the progress of work within the Council on the lawful interception of telecommunications .
The Commission ’ s duty is to assess the progress made by the two countries to see if they are truly ready for accession .
First : What was the point of <unk> proclaiming the Charter of Fundamental Rights , should the Council be unwilling to implement it ?
Mr President , I note with pleasure that you allowed Mr Schulz to speak for a minute longer , and I am sure you will permit me to do the same .
Mr President , it is absolutely clear that we can assess the disadvantages of various forms of energy production .
It is to France &apos;s credit that it is supporting its partners and allies in this healthy development .
For small shareholders , it will take more than the proposals in this document to protect their rights against those of large shareholders whose legal position can require them to seek maximum return within a short-term perspective .
( Parliament agreed to the request ) I would , however , encourage the House to express its support for the Commission ’ s general guidelines on the proposals before they are submitted to the Council .
The International Criminal Court will soon be able to prove its worth as an independent and effective international court .
However , during my visit to Albania I noticed the <unk> tension between the majority and the opposition , targeted not at competition but rather at the desire to destroy each other .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the draft European Constitution makes the European citizen a major player in the construction of a united Europe .
In my capacity as leader of the Chinese delegation I have had many contacts with the Chinese both with the government and those in opposition .
If necessary there is the possibility of revising the financial perspectives , and that has been declared by the Council also .
To speak solely of France , Mohamed <unk> was killed by a bullet in the <unk> on 26 February 1995 .
The report will be based on the results of discussions and the knowledge acquired from a series of round table events held between January 2003 and March 2004 in order to analyse some 50 multilateral case studies .
The vote will take place on Wednesday at noon .
It is appropriate that we discuss it now at the end of the European Year of Languages .
It will do so in a measured , sensible and proportionate way that recognises certain critical uses for these gases , which , we must not forget , can be useful in certain circumstances for the very reason that they are excellent <unk> .
As a representative of Finland , I would warn the EU authorities against any departure from this principle , since I know that , particularly with regard to the agreement with the United States , the EU would be willing to compromise even the present level of safety if the EU could thereby <unk> increase its exports .
I consider it essential , if this state of affairs is to be brought to an end , for the international community not to <unk> in the face of those who subsidise , promote and incite terrorism .
Attempts at solving the HIV / AIDS problem are made more difficult as it involves having to cope with the ideological battle of reproductive health and sexual rights .
We call once again for this to be done .
Nothing has happened on that either and this needs to be looked into urgently .
So we are confident that some positive progress will be recorded by the end of the year , particularly , may I say again , with regard to the status of associations .
My question is about jobs : what you in your speeches call &apos;the first priority of our policies &apos; : jobs .
Something could go wrong and we need to offer assistance .
Although the European Union is silent on the international stage , the Member States are more <unk> than ever .
Wolf report ( <unk> / 98 ) As well as preaching to others , the Commission must do its duties .
If we get it right , we can open up the market , boost jobs and growth across the EU and help Europe compete globally with the <unk> services market in India and China .
I should like this to be recorded .
I should like , naturally , to refer to a specific sector to which I am very closely attached , i. e. agriculture , the main <unk> sector .
If you leave the room , you lose your turn , but Mr Lage had to leave for a moment .
The European Parliament must play a vital role ; the social partners must become genuine actors ; the private credit sector must make employment investment a priority .
They would be happy if this directive was at long last to come into force .
In that spirit , the Commission totally supports the <unk> initiative seeking to establish an international convention prohibiting human reproductive cloning .
I have a precise question on passenger name records – they are also mentioned in the action plan – and more specifically in relation to the incident with the <unk> plane one month ago .
That is something we have repeated many times .
We shall then start negotiations , and it will be possible for Turkey to become a member .
Indeed he <unk> that Britain has the most <unk> regulated industry and <unk> trade unions of all the European Union .
As Members will be aware , the proposal has been the subject of intense <unk> on the part of car manufacturers , who are about to turn the full focus of their attention on Members of this Parliament .
Fortunately the animal welfare inspectors from the Netherlands showed - it was not fortunate , but it is a good job that they forced us to look the hard facts in the face - that of these 2 , 000 horses per week may cross the border dead or with broken bones or other <unk> .
These facts are important to an understanding of the recent development of our relations with Turkey and the decisions taken a few months ago .
I am therefore obliged to put both amendments to the vote .
The Council of the European Union and Mr <unk> will <unk> be informed in due course of any concessions he may have had to make in order to bring about this agreement - in the form of reduced sanctions , for example .
In contrast , the role of national Parliaments , the bodies which after all have the greatest democratic legitimacy in each of the European countries , has fallen into <unk> .
The vote will take place at 12 noon .
So that the last few Members , speaking on the last few reports , do not have to watch the sun rise from this room , I would ask speakers to keep to the time allotted to them .
Moreover , we must ask ourselves how such a desperately poor country is to survive another disaster like this .
The Council must also take into account what <unk> González , the special envoy , has so often stressed : the solution to the Kosovo problem depends , as do so many other things , on Serbia becoming a democratic country .
With this in mind , we profoundly regret the terrorist attacks in Istanbul .
Where problems arise with establishing levels of private use , this ceiling will be calculated on the basis of maximum estimated business use .
That is why the Commission gradually and unfortunately too slowly has been launching initiatives which will in time balance out or complement the CAP , by increasing the coverage of all the <unk> resources in rural areas and by <unk> them for initiatives and investments which will increase prosperity and employment for communities , farming or other communities .
There is a very complicated explanatory memorandum but the explanatory memorandum is just that : it explains all the circumstances .
If that is to be done in an environmentally friendly way , that cannot mean <unk> them somewhere in the South <unk> .
How , on the basis of such abstract and indeed bureaucratic <unk> is it possible to get any grip on the problems to be solved , the contradictions to be overcome and hence the political decisions which must be taken ?
I undertake to do so on behalf of the Commission , but this must be in <unk> with Parliament of course , and with the other interested parties , because as an entity , the Commission is , of course , dependent on the views expressed by society and by this House .
<unk> to the programme which may become necessary will be made only according to the codecision procedure .
Mr President , I congratulate both rapporteurs on their reports , which have received a high degree of consensus .
As you have reminded us , President Barroso says we cannot have more Europe for less money .
The way to address the democratic deficit is to give people a chance to express their opinions .
Our efforts must be channelled into encouraging a continuous exchange of information between richer and poorer regions .
This agreement bears the signatures of the Turkish prime minister , the Turkish Government , and it is before Parliament ; simply it will not be put to the vote .
<unk> , while we seem to be moving towards an acceptable deal within the European Union , the signs from some of the WTO <unk> are less helpful .
I have no doubt that the Commissioner will also agree with me and accept this oral amendment to our amendment .
We have seen this in almost all accidents at sea , some of them with tragic consequences - the human factor is crucial , whether it is the initial cause of the accident or the handling of the crisis caused by the accident .
The reverse is true : the patenting of human genes will create problems for the development of therapies .
This crisis <unk> the absurd nature of the concessions made by the European Union within the framework of the GATT .
Therefore I would like to draw the attention of the Commissioner and Members to our Amendments Nos 4 , 5 , 6 and 7 which recognise the reality that many <unk> do not like the Vienna Convention symbol , the rather <unk> black letters on a white background , but prefer the European symbol of the white and <unk> letters with the gold stars on a blue background in accordance with their particular national registration .
Rules are laid down but not <unk> .
If they learn their lesson , the unfortunate thing is that the lesson will be learnt not only by the Member States , but much more <unk> , I am afraid , by the producers .
As described this afternoon it will go a long way towards <unk> out some of the unpleasant <unk> we heard during the European election and over the last few months .
It also seeks to <unk> the powers of the European Parliament , failing to recognise that legitimacy is primarily granted by citizens at national parliamentary level .
Amendment No 3 recalled what happened with the ECHO dossier .
They prove that the Union has become a living political reality .
All right , but is that not precisely what transparency is all about - enabling people to have a decisive influence on the decision-making process ?
On the contrary , his road to power is <unk> with various measures that prove the opposite to be true .
It is able to adopt certain measures , certain recommendations , certain <unk> initiatives , such as cooperation between States and with international organisations , but when it comes to legislative harmonisation , in practice we are faced with deadlock .
Economic development and social progress are not their concern .
If there is one area in which we should demand subsidiarity from the national states to the European Union , it is here .
The criteria for the future treaty of the European Union should not be large or small nor old or new .
There is thus a clearly <unk> trend towards migration into Austria from the Indian <unk> and Iraq by way of Belarus and the Ukraine .
In conclusion I would like to say that for the European Parliament the demand that we adapt to new challenges will be the most important point on the agenda .
But the Committee on Budgetary Control and certainly my own group have never wanted to resort to destructive means , but to use constructive means of reforming things which have been acknowledged as wrong and have to some degree shaken confidence .
The Syrian authorities are notorious for <unk> civil society activists and defence lawyers in political cases , as well as participants of foreign conferences on human rights after their return home .
Through this programme , the Community will be backing the interconnection of telecommunications infrastructures , essentially in order to improve competitiveness , especially of SMEs , and to strengthen the internal market , strengthen economic and social cohesion , bearing in mind in particular the need to link up island regions , <unk> regions , and peripheral regions to the more central regions of the European community as well as speeding up the development of activities which create jobs in new growth sectors .
To avoid it being confused with the document we have proposed and endorsed in the Commission , I will not distribute it at the Convention today either : it will be posted on the Internet immediately afterwards , like all the working documents we have used during this phase .
First , the <unk> of DG Development will <unk> not reform external assistance .
We have five years in the European Union to achieve the Lisbon Strategy , to make Europe the first power in the knowledge economy , with respect for the environment and promoting a new social model which we can propose globally .
We are aware that the report contains a number of technical difficulties , but they can be dealt with at second reading or by the Commission .
– ( ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to start thanking not only Mrs Kauppi , the rapporteur , but also all those , the shadow rapporteurs in particular , who have worked on this highly complex topic , for their great effort .
I therefore believe that the idea of establishing the end of the Austrian Presidency as the time for relaunching the process is a good one and I believe that this Parliament must begin to consider what it is going to do in the future .
A percentage of European women which , depending on the country , varies from 20 to 50 % , has fallen victim to domestic violence , while rape and sexual harassment are a daily occurrence .
If it is the case that some fathers and mothers of young children have to stop working , then Europe may well already have missed the boat .
Madam President , the <unk> <unk> of State revenge is to be repeated for the <unk> time on 23 July .
Where special infrastructure is required for local public transport , the construction and management costs may certainly be borne by the state , while the transport undertaking - and here we entirely agree with Mr <unk> - has to pay an appropriate amount for its use .
The financial controller used to brief Parliament four times a year , and that is what we also expect from the new department .
The reports which we receive on the evening sessions are not equivalent to the reports which we receive about the normal day sessions .
We will be supporting Amendments Nos 31 and 38 to allow that back .
The present report on the Action Plan <unk> Economic Partnership &apos; expressly supports the initiative of the Commission and the Council .
A new code of ethics has accordingly come to be applied to the actions of parties to conflicts , in terms of strengthening the dignity of human life , which has increasingly become enshrined in international law in various other areas .
In my view this is , for the present , a bridge too far .
To provide their people with safe and <unk> food has always been an important ambition for all states .
I would like to find out from the Commissioner how he tackles the discussions he referred to in practice .
We want to leave our children and grandchildren the chance of making a living from fishing .
This cooperation is particularly important in the light of the challenge presented by climate change .
However , the most important aspect to us is that the system could play an <unk> role in the relations between the European Union and the United States of America .
As regards churches and civil society there is an ongoing dialogue as well as co-operation on a number of specific projects .
Every proposal deals with sensitive material , and the report ’ s addition suffers from the <unk> typical of a <unk> Europe , even though that path does not enjoy popular support .
Mr President , I should like to start by <unk> the rapporteur on the job he has done .
If this work is to succeed , it is important that cooperation should be established with the farming organisations and also with consumers .
And as we have told you , we are dealing with regions in Spain , in my native <unk> , in Greece , where the land is <unk> .
Before coming to technical aspects , we would need to be assured that the peoples of Europe really wish to join the euro .
This applies to the softening agent in babies &apos; toys .
Commissioner Verheugen has understandable <unk> if he expects MEPs to <unk> 6 000 pages of text in order to confirm accession .
That means that we also need to think of the consequences of the midnight deals and compromises that we make , and consider whether they are going to confuse or clarify laws for end users .
Thank you , Mr Patten .
The next item is the debate on the report ( <unk> / 2001 ) by Mr Seppänen , on behalf of the Committee on Budgets , on the I am not known for preaching indulgence towards Turkey , because of the <unk> human rights situation , which clearly includes religious freedoms .
Perhaps these are the thoughts of a Galician <unk> , whose future and family situation is looking grim following what has been described as the worst ecological , economic and social disaster in the history of Galicia .
I sincerely hope that we have gone beyond statements of intent and that we are talking about <unk> change in the way in which each of our institutions operates .
But as Members of the European Parliament , should we put personal , party political or national interests before the interests of Europe ?
All of the report ’ s proposals to grant discharge are accompanied by Parliamentary motions for resolutions and it is precisely in these motions for resolution that Parliament must exercise its political power .
Also , may I use this opportunity to express my regret about the incident in <unk> which happened during this conference and on a more local level at the outrageous murder of Ms <unk> <unk> by people involved in the drugs trade .
Yet today we are taking strong common action in support of peace in the Middle East , Sudan and the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Sometimes , someone suggests that a regulation or subsidy should be abolished because of the damage it is causing .
I am a Member from Great Britain , as you know .
And now the text of the treaty risks wasting all these efforts .
I myself wish to stress education , to which attention is <unk> devoted in this report .
We fully support this proposal and would highlight Amendment No 6 in this respect .
Mr President , Mrs Theato is proposing institutional revolution for a twofold reason .
Yes , we have rights in the primary legislation .
One competition is for the employment of officials in state banks and the other is for the employment of school teachers ( primary and secondary ) in state education , and the exclusion is because the new Code for Public <unk> includes the term <unk> &apos; .
What this amendment is proposing is to extend funding from Parliament &apos;s budget to other participants at the WTO .
Following notification , the Commission will have to assess , in view of the legal test in the <unk> Regulation whether the operation will lead to the creation or strengthening of a dominant position , as a result of which effective competition would be significantly impeded in the common market or in a substantial part of it .
I would like to pay tribute to him now , just at a time when we are going to need him most .
What are we doing in terms of following up this conference ?
It will , without doubt , be a matter for our concern that there may be a decreasing number of small and medium-sized banks and financial institutions available with which the European Investment Bank can manage the flow of its funds .
The President of the European Parliament , for example , refused us the use of the plenary chamber , so that we had to <unk> into our group meeting rooms .
The Council of Ministers is often conspicuous by its absence .
Most of those are objective 1 , that is to say they are underdeveloped regions , with no alternative products and with a <unk> dependent on the sector .
.
Greater engagement with Israel might help in this .
The CAP must be reformed .
We can no longer <unk> in <unk> corners .
Mr President , the Commission &apos; s communication to the Laeken European Council , with regard to the organisation of the debate prior to the IGC , seems to us to be mistaken in both its objective and method .
The committee meets at <unk> tonight , because we have to deal with a proposal which has come late to us from the European Commission .
Mr President , the EU <unk> the UN Conference on the <unk> <unk> Countries in May 2001 in Brussels .
<unk> were given yesterday to the Committee on Inquiry into BSE .
The EU trade in emission allowances should not be mandatory before 2008 : until then let it be an optional pilot project for Member States .
<unk> encourages further ambition .
What is this about ?
By introducing new provisions in the directive , the Committee on the Environment is hoping to <unk> the Commission into taking a more active role .
It is definitely not about the creation of a European Fund .
In conclusion , I would refer to the concern generated by Mr Prodi &apos;s first statements on this subject , which suggested that he has a very ideological notion of competition and regards any regulating or corrective measures taken by a Member State as tantamount to distorting competition .
We are assuming that we are finally reaching the design and development stage and will soon be able to take the next step : making firm statements on financing .
Fundamental changes will also be considered for the technical assistance offices .
It has attracted attention , not because of its aims and purpose to be the flagship for the European Union &apos;s vocational training policy , but because it has become associated with mismanagement , fraud , secrecy and nepotism .
The main theme of the forthcoming Spring Summit will be to follow up the Lisbon strategy , which aims to make the European Union the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world , with the objective of achieving sustainable growth , full employment , a reduction in poverty and greater social cohesion .
What the public expects of the European Union is peace , security and stability .
It has , however , adopted a decision to ensure that all Member State <unk> should be represented by at least 1 qualified person in the most senior post , Director-General or equivalent , and consistent with that , the Commission has given fresh emphasis to assess effectively proven merit as a prerequisite of highest positions .
Why ask for two regulations , one for Asia and the other for Latin America , rather than a single regulation divided into several chapters ?
Mrs Mann , you are certainly not <unk> the President .
And what has happened since then ?
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the concept of an Olympic truce or ‘ <unk> ’ , meaning ‘ raise your hands ’ – the Greek language is still extraordinarily relevant when it comes to <unk> political activity – is as ancient as the <unk> themselves , when , in order that the games could take place , the <unk> of <unk> was guaranteed , so that those who went to watch or participate in the <unk> remained <unk> .
And , as I see it , we can in any event continue to stand by that agreement in the interests of those concerned .
To explain these <unk> , I must tell you that in your statement on <unk> strategy &apos; , the need to ensure safety at sea , which nobody questions , is used to promote solutions related , for example , to shipping registers .
We have been presented with the draft treaty on <unk> policy .
But the Rules of Procedure lay down that the questions lapse .
I believe that his speech to the <unk> Parliament played a major role in preparing both the Union and Slovenia for the signing of the Europe Agreement on 10 June of this year .
The right to receive information must be compatible with the rights of ownership and free competition between companies <unk> broadcasting rights .
The European Union is not one <unk> economic area : there is a lot of <unk> contained within it and that is why , when it comes to a central bank system , the national voice must be heard .
Mr President , I have learnt from my southern colleagues in this Parliament that half of every speech is dedicated to congratulating the rapporteur , and the speech proper then begins with a <unk> &apos; .
In connection with this , I would like to emphasise that the implementation of these reforms will be a determining factor in evaluating to what extent the Copenhagen political criteria have been fulfilled .
There are currently numerous examples of such <unk> that need to be lifted .
We can all see at a glance that these small but significant budget lines are ones which have been having a significant impact on the lives of some of the most needy citizens in our Union and those whom we seek to help beyond our borders .
Situation in Iraq The next item is the debate on the following five motions for resolutions on the International Criminal Court : This must be done with the Member States , who share the responsibility for implementation , and in a constructive dialogue with the social partners .
As politicians we must be able to guarantee for present and future generations an improvement in their living conditions without destroying economic growth and jobs , and we must equally stop <unk> behind claims that we nothing can be done .
This was something of which we needed to be informed .
With regard to our talks with the ECB , it was hugely disappointing to learn from the press that the ECB had long been aware of the system for which we are now creating a legal basis and which has been <unk> in the media and that the ECB knew what <unk> was doing with the United States .
I am truly sorry to have to contradict my good friends , the previous two speakers .
What , in particular , are you thinking of doing about the introduction of the European arrest warrant ?
Moreover , even the Heads of State and Government have not been able to reach agreement on this issue , and it is to be carried over to the forthcoming Nice Summit .
The <unk> regions form part of the Community territory and have equal rights .
We must now face the consequences , which were deliberately played down when we should have addressed them properly , of taking political decisions favouring the introduction of the euro , which now appear to be very serious for the everyday life of our citizens .
The Community Regulation <unk> the COM in bananas takes account of the commitments entered into previously by the European Union ( Community preference , preferential access for ACP bananas , GATT rules applicable to third countries ) .
Today &apos; s leaders are conscious of their historical responsibility .
We should also continue discussions after Kofi Annan ’ s visit .
The next item is the debate on the report ( <unk> / 2004 ) by Mr Rocard , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council decision amending Decision <unk> / 1999 / EC establishing a Community action for the ‘ European Capital of Culture ’ event for the years 2005 to <unk> ( COM ( 2003 ) 700 – <unk> / 2003 – 2003 / <unk> ( COD ) ) .
I believe it is fair to say that there is a general consensus within the EU that that would be totally out of the question .
As to conducting a campaign , I am not sure that the Commission &apos;s resources extend as far as those of the honourable gentleman who has been referred to , but in general terms I certainly think it is important that we should put the facts out as clearly as possible , and this is one of the facts that will now be available to the Commission through its offices in London and other parts of the United Kingdom to make the true facts known .
We endorse plenary Amendment No 8 as well , since it is important to examine what other areas of deep-sea coral within the EU should be closed to harmful fishing methods .
The current efforts to promote trade , investment and economic cooperation may , for example , be continued by working towards the implementation of the objectives formulated in the two ASEM economic action programmes , the Trade <unk> Action Plan ( <unk> ) and the Investment Promotion Action Plan ( <unk> ) .
I would however stress that our responsibility towards the Mediterranean countries is immense .
Now , just before the turn of the Millennium , we are <unk> the <unk> that we <unk> at the Luxembourg Employment Summit in 1997 .
However , as many speakers have already mentioned , this creates an enormous bureaucratic burden for many small and medium-sized enterprises .
Let us learn the lessons of the past .
The basis for this policy was the Lisbon strategy , according to which economic and technological development should be combined with a concentration on work of good quality , cooperation between the parties , production and , especially , solidarity with weak groups .
It is a bad start .
I will try to reply briefly , although these are complex questions and I will therefore have to give this point some attention .
It looks as if the States no longer respect us on the world stage .
I am raising my voice therefore not as an Italian politician , but as a European Member of this House , to urge you to put an end to all the ambiguities and delays and <unk> protocol formalities , and to communicate to all of us , as Mr Corbett has suggested , a precise date , a deadline immediately after May 13 , the national election day in my country , by which we intend to pursue a definite legal and procedural solution of the affair .
– Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , as a <unk> MEP from a small Member State like Austria , one cannot avoid a feeling of total powerlessness when this House takes important decisions about who is to do what job , and of having absolutely no influence over them .
Well , there we are : once again , reminding those people who think that it serves no purpose how useful the euro actually is .
In other words it was a small , <unk> demonstration .
As a <unk> body , the Commission will continue to examine the problem of illegal trade in cultural objects and accord it the priority which it deserves .
One of the measures under the action plan is to negotiate a transit agreement with Turkey .
Finally , the EPLP feels that the new directives in the field of combating discrimination under Article 13 have not yet had a chance to be implemented or <unk> down .
With this end in view , the distribution put forward in terms of geographical coverage of 10 % , 5 % , 2 % and 1 % respectively could not be interpreted strictly .
It is very timely that this matter should come up because it is nearly ten years since the collapse of the Soviet Union .
This instrument , if transformed into a directive , would mean that we are able to see through the European Commission and through the Members of Parliament whether anybody is actually doing anything .
This is much more important for the people of today than widespread free trade .
The European Europe , which was the wish of General de Gaulle 40 years ago , still remains to be built .
Naturally , I voted in favour .
In its text , the Commission once again sets out the three main goals of <unk> policy , namely : the creation of an area of peace and stability , the creation of an area of shared prosperity through the progressive establishment of free trade and , finally , the improvement of mutual understanding amongst the peoples of the region and the development of an active civil society .
We must also appreciate the work done by our President to improve Parliament &apos;s reputation .
In practice , Parliament is deprived of any power , despite the fact that the administrative expenditure of the <unk> and Steel Fund would have to be met from the general budget .
The internal market has promoted innovation and the adoption of <unk> technology .
It is up to you to put pressure on the UK Presidency to break the deadlock in Europe .
What do we ask ?
The Danish Social Democrats are voting against the report by Mrs Jöns , in spite of the fact that it contains a lot of good elements .
I think that impatience is healthy .
I wish , first of all , to express my agreement with the wording of your resolution of 21 November on the European security and defence policy .
In that connection , I venture to draw your attention to Amendments Nos 52 and 53 , already endorsed by the Committee on the Environment .
Afghanistan is not in the immediate vicinity of the EU .
That legal text also specifically guarantees that officials and other servants of the Commission shall , and I quote , &quot; in no way suffer inequitable or discriminatory treatment as a result of having communicated such information &quot; .
No .
We therefore welcome the statement in the report that space research is one of the priority themes for the Sixth Framework Programme for research and development .
On behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , I should like to see a more ambitious visa policy , genuinely simplified procedures for the Balkan countries and , indeed , for everyone , and the clear objective of abolishing the compulsory visa requirement .
We can agree on most things right across the floor of this House except perhaps on the matter of a tourism agency which <unk> its head from time to time .
In this case , what events justify urgent procedure ?
Greater opening of the Indian market , which will be beneficial to India itself , economic reforms , which will demonstrate systematic convergence and support for teams in the sector of science and technology are creative meeting grounds for both sides .
We want you to conduct an investigation , but if there is no desire to find the evidence , the evidence will never be found .
It leaves a vacuum to be filled not by this Parliament but by the Commission .
Mr President , frankly I am <unk> by this decision to impose tariffs on shoes for two reasons : firstly , because a large number of European consumers are going to be asked to pay more for their footwear in order to bring dubious benefits to a small number of European producers .
These reforms relate to people &apos;s needs .
The political father comes from a desire to give the developing countries a voice in the WTO in dealing with the supposed <unk> <unk> .
The Commission is continuing to assist the government and society in general to address these challenges .
On the basis of the <unk> made in these models , it <unk> that <unk> incomes within the agricultural sector will rise slightly between now and 2005 .
Thus , it can be concluded that , so far , there is no scientific evidence of health damage among army personnel or civilian populations as a consequence of the use of <unk> ammunition in the Gulf War or the war in the Balkans .
In the social field , the Social Policy Agenda has been the frame of reference for a whole series of measures in the field of employment , social security , health and safety in the workplace , equal opportunities and social inclusion .
It is therefore important to ensure that common <unk> can always be exceeded if a decision in favour of this is taken at national level .
Everyone has his or her own interpretation of the outcome of <unk> David and of the responsibilities incumbent upon either side .
Therefore , the proposal on the table is believed to be the appropriate response to this somewhat complex issue .
We think we have taken a significant step towards an intelligent pact .
Mr President , I should first like to salute Mr Imbeni , the author of this report , and express my appreciation of his work .
Mr President , I too should like to thank our friends the <unk> for this initiative .
The presidency &apos;s commitment to consultation and dialogue remains absolute .
I <unk> and called for help and <unk> the perpetrators as far as the <unk> .
During the days before the Berlin Council , the attacks by the Serbian security forces ...
This is a fundamental right .
I am not making an ideological statement .
In addition , we need security .
On this occasion not only do we have Agenda 2000 but also we have to face the consequences of a resigned Commission and a new President of the European Commission .
They must be <unk> in the service of sustainability and of social needs and not of the interests of corporations and their shareholders .
I would ask the Minister how the country holding the Presidency is preparing for the adoption of the practice of qualified majority voting in the areas of foreign and security policy and defence policy .
<unk> choose their locations on the basis of natural regional benefits , and it follows that not every activity in each region can be carried out <unk> .
A <unk> service could include design and preparation work to produce a map , for example , perhaps for a car <unk> competition , as the Commissioner mentioned .
Mr President , I would like to make a brief comment concerning Sweden .
With regard to the other aspects , I will only make a couple of brief comments on issues falling within my own competence .
We also place great weight on the fact that this dialogue should benefit both EU Member States and Asian states .
Almost 450 000 individuals used Internet <unk> in Minsk in 2004 .
In the Commission proposals on Agenda 2000 , structural fund spending is focused more sharply and concentrates on the regions in greatest need .
It may be that a product has been used outside the EU for thousands of years , but has been available within the Community for only 10 years or less .
They were not consulted at all about those plans .
.
I believe that enough has been said and that we must look forward , learning from the lessons of the immediate past .
I refer to Amendments Nos 4 , 7 and 9 , the second part of Amendment No 11 and Amendments Nos 13 , 16 , 17 and 19 .
When a parliament considers that those in the political minority are legally wrong , we are no longer in a democracy but close to dictatorship .
I cannot comment on the specific case of the lucky <unk> winner , who , as it transpired , was not so lucky when it came to the invasion of privacy described .
I also recommend that the EU Ombudsman create a mechanism enabling European citizens to report any manufacture , trade or consumption of doping substances that they encounter .
I would therefore recommend my fellow MEPs to adopt the Council &apos; s common position without any amendments .
My belief is still that our beef production industry , as well as the consumer , has everything to gain from the customer confidence which a sensible compulsory labelling scheme can provide .
The reasons why divisions have opened up are largely to do with insistence by existing Member States on a <unk> <unk> to Washington , or an equally <unk> hostility to everything that <unk> from the United States .
Mr <unk> , as far as the procedure for urgent debate in Rule 112 is concerned , strict rules apply and the deadline has already expired .
We are therefore also grateful for the phrases in Mr Goebbels &apos; report in which he welcomes this democratic process .
That does not mean that two out of three of us will have good mental health : it means that we may not need , may not seek , or may not be offered treatment .
The European Commission will also have to take into consideration the conclusions to be drawn by the professional experts groups that we set up in late October 2003 to consider <unk> priorities – priorities after completion of the Financial Services Action Plan .
– Mr President , we often talk about people <unk> their hands of the matter .
Those amendments will then have to be voted on within the Management Committee for <unk> and implemented before the 1997 season .
What is more , they have agreed to punish the possession of <unk> material concerning children .
It is neither desirable nor practical for this House to try to amend this proposal , which is fundamentally flawed .
Here I refer to fighting famine in the world by using plants which are <unk> to drought or to <unk> which <unk> crops , and fighting serious <unk> illnesses by using new vaccines , such as the ones currently used for <unk> , and doubtless soon for AIDS and for certain <unk> diseases , which are the real <unk> of humanity .
This is a challenge and an opportunity for this policy area , for it is clear that there must now be a debate about our agricultural policy expectations .
Why do we keep <unk> the impression to the general public that we are playing off these aims against each other ?
<unk> deprived of such a preparation run the risk of exclusion from the development of the new economy .
Let us place photographs of our citizens inside all the bureaucratic files with which the States fill our offices .
It is said that 100 000 different chemicals are on the market .
In such a way , the role proposed for Parliament will ensure that this body will remain under close scrutiny and that it will prove to be as legitimate as possible .
<unk> levels have decreased significantly , at least in the energy sector , in transport and in industry .
They provided some useful information , but many questions remain <unk> .
What we have done in the course of the last few years is to incorporate an ever increasing amount of reserves into the budget in order to be able to improve control and become more heavily involved in implementation .
I think the implication is that this is the case , that the word &quot; commitment &quot; should also appear in the <unk> text .
There is far too much information to sum up in three minutes , but it is all in there for you to read up .
Mr President , the proposal for a Council Regulation , on which the report we are discussing is based , is reasonably and substantially supported by the members of the National Alliance .
The Commission , whilst pushing for the International Convention on the Protection of the <unk> , states that the protocols have been ratified , but not everyone has ratified the transport protocol .
I would also stress the need to exclude from award procedures people condemned for crimes such as money laundering , fraud and <unk> .
Finally , the EU countries must be placed on an equal footing .
My group also supported the Commission ’ s proposal to increase staff numbers sufficiently as a result of enlargement .
This will make it possible to avoid <unk> certain enterprises with excessive expenses limiting their competitiveness with regard to third countries .
Finally , I should like to mention one very important point .
It is a genuinely tragic situation .
.
That is true , but we cannot avoid it .
( Applause ) I have already talked at length about the measurement of tonnage and power .
Mrs <unk> , Mr Turco yourself , Mrs Schroedter , Mr Mastorakis , you stressed this point .
I would like to address one point which is not particularly topical but is intended to point the way ahead .
Since 1981 we have regulated new chemicals , but that covers only some 3 000 substances out of the 100 000 in existence and it has taken 40 different regulations and directives to do that .
We do not know who the next prime minister will be ; nobody knows that today .
Among these criteria is included , I quote : &apos; the achievement of a high degree of price stability . &apos;
Who can seriously agree with that ? !
I would like to raise the specific case of <unk> <unk> , the elected Mayor of <unk> <unk> .
The objective is the <unk> exploitation of the <unk> produced by this technology , which appeared in the 1970s .
It was recognised then that we have different traditions and needs .
That is very important because , in the resolution we passed in this Parliament on 20 November 1997 , we laid the foundations of the European Union as a union of states and a union of peoples .
Let me briefly address some shortcomings .
Lastly , the almost complete ban on tests for <unk> genetic diseases is also unacceptable .
Maritime disasters have caused a tragic loss of human lives in the last decade - over 12 , 000 lives have been lost at sea .
For more than a thousand years it was the capital of a great Christian empire .
American films account for 76 % of the EU film market .
<unk> a tradition of informal exchanges – a <unk> tradition – the Commission is conducting , on that basis , a dialogue with all of the <unk> , religious communities and philosophical , <unk> , secular and <unk> organisations that wish to take part .
At the same time , new challenges are testing us , such as weapons of mass destruction and international terrorism .
The impact of communications , as we well know , is constantly being reduced , and this communication - which is highly <unk> in some respects - is <unk> lacking in legal weight , as the members of the competent committee have very rightly pointed out .
But the problem of aid to tobacco producers was not on the agenda of this debate !
We note that more than ECU 9 , <unk> million out of the 1996 budget has not been spent : it is high time to stop this spending <unk> and pay more attention to existing and <unk> resources .
This is something from which we must learn .
Yet there was a great deal of <unk> .
Parliament ’ s strong support will help to make it a reality .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , particularly in light of recent events , today &apos;s debate - which I believe we are conducting in a genuinely objective way - is a good example to other parliaments .
This is why I am disappointed that many in this House are not prepared to set aside substantially more money for the reconstruction of Iraq .
The figure under discussion at present is <unk> billion , i. e. sixteen times that amount , and it will rightly be <unk> , on that I have no doubt .
We want to see all industrialised countries take urgent action to reduce or limit future greenhouse gas emissions .
It is time to move from declarations , from statements , to action .
I should like to join Mrs Müller in saying that it is vital for us to vote in favour of the compromises as presented and not to vote in favour of the amendments that were not the subjects of these compromises .
Is it true that you and Mr Brittan called for the worldwide deregulation of trade to be <unk> up further without regard for its ecological and social consequences ?
More than half of the <unk> do not fulfil the requirements imposed by <unk> organizations themselves .
I am among those who are in favour of the Friday sitting and who think it important to keep the sitting on that day , just like on the other days of the week .
Nevertheless , my position is rather more <unk> on some points .
The loss of considerable numbers of animals as a result of the slaughter of whole <unk> and the profound disquiet and insecurity felt in society as a whole in the countries affected and also throughout the other parts of Europe , meant great financial loss in the affected areas , not only for farming , but also for the economy as a whole and tourism in particular .
The state of Israeli-Palestinian relations also has a bearing on the situation within Palestine .
Mrs de Palacio , who is responsible for relations with Parliament , has also promised - at least in our Group - that Commissioners will remain present in all debates from now on .
We have our doubts about a number of the research sections of the fourth framework programme .
I therefore welcome this initiative and would ask that , when it comes to distributing aid , account be taken not just of the need to provide incentives for emerging associations and to strengthen the small ones , by linking them to the more consolidated associations , but that we also need to ensure that the more consolidated ones fulfil their duties and make contacts with all parts of the Union .
Nevertheless , we are now going a step further .
So a breakthrough in this area would provide results for all sectors .
That is part of the enlargement dialogue .
Not only that , but this is a very <unk> unit , which has just been <unk> .
I was delighted to see that both the European and the German federations of medical practitioners are so <unk> about the fact and have also warned that research might be impeded by the patenting of genes .
Recital <unk> : It is suggested here that public and private employees should be treated differently in any process to reduce working hours , with one category receiving compensation for loss of wages and the other not .
Thanks to the invaluable contribution of the Luxembourg Presidency , in July the Council expressed its agreement with the text approved by Parliament , which I will sign next Wednesday .
The PPE wants a realistic timetable , in other words enough time for necessary changes to be made .
In 1986 , 135 <unk> metres of radioactive water was released into the sea at <unk> .
We are genuinely determined that , where the Intergovernmental Conference is concerned , the Portuguese Presidency should be exercised effectively and seriously .
It is not a problem of thousands of Flemish workers .
Consequently , there are few of us here today and we cannot guarantee that our electorate is adequately represented here .
It will enter into force when the current Regulation expires .
I also think it is about finding a form whereby we uses animals as little as possible , and I also agree on the comments on transport .
Personally , as Mr <unk> ’ s representative – who has , I am sorry to say , been detained in Italy today due to the grave tragedy that has struck our country , and is involved in paying our last respects to the soldiers killed in Iraq – I would like to confirm the Presidency ’ s past and ongoing commitment to the issue of security of networks and information .
When I entered Parliament in 1989 , agricultural prices were discussed with great <unk> .
The report anticipates this by making provision for a system of cooperation and agreement to be developed between these services .
Mr President , I voted for the budget but this is the last time I shall do so , for I consider Parliament &apos;s financial concern for pensioners and the elderly to be totally inadequate .
In particular , Mrs Wemheuer &apos;s work in this matter has been exemplary .
At present these stand at EUR 103 billion , which is to say , more than the entire budget for one year .
For that reason , conducting a debate without access to the amendments must remain an exceptional situation .
Turkey ’ s accession would be different from previous enlargements because of the combined impact of Turkey ’ s population , size , geographical location , economic , security and military potential .
Fair competition is vital to suppliers .
If Commissioner de Silguy considers 1 % over a period of nearly five years a success then , if this was a national parliament , perhaps many Members would be asking for his resignation .
Amendments Nos 15 , 16 , 19 , 20 and 30 cannot be accepted because they seek to change the wording of the STCW Convention provision or to refer both to articles of the directive and to the relevant STCW provisions which are transposed in the directive .
As regards research and development – please forgive me for repeating myself – we urgently need the European patent .
The Palestinians talked about their daily suffering under occupation .
I should like to highlight this sector in particular , because we are still a long way from having the really efficient network of libraries in Europe that is an absolute must .
Just for show , and nothing more : that is the political substance behind this .
Besides , the Council is constantly <unk> and will have to reach a conclusion .
We need this new social treaty , we need the fight for power , money and distribution of work , which must favour women .
Four people were sentenced under rather dubious circumstances , at least from the legal viewpoint , as the matter is on the agenda of the European Court of Human Rights .
Mr President , speaking on behalf of the Socialist Group in support of the joint resolution on the political misuse of trials in Malaysia , I have to say to the Malaysian authorities that it is very difficult for any of us to have any sympathy with their recent actions .
I am very pleased that a compromise has been reached , but I also deeply regret the fact that this report has caused such a political <unk> .
Incidentally , today , at a time when we are facing a significant stage of development , I think it important to stress that in all our policies we must find the necessary balance : between the Community approach and Community standards , on the one hand , and the specific national features and national disparities on the other hand ; balance between the need , in terms of production , to cover a large European market and promote European products , i. e. developing <unk> without frontiers &apos; , and , on the other hand , the ability to retain options as regards <unk> standards and local television .
Women in Europe are therefore still the excluded among the excluded .
If not , does it intend to launch the procedures referred to in Article 7 ?
This means that we should have a coordinated and consistent policy of promoting equality between men and women , which is why the Committee on Women &apos;s Rights has argued for the ACP Assembly to establish a standing &quot; Women in Development &apos; Committee .
Article 16 of Directive <unk> / <unk> / EEC states : &apos; Every three years , and for the first time three years following the notification of this Directive , Member States shall draw up a situation report on the disposal of toxic and dangerous waste in their respective countries and shall forward it to the Commission &apos; .
Part of the Community acquis too , Mr Prodi , is the Gibraltar clause , which does not date back to the <unk> century but to a <unk> agreement between the governments of the United Kingdom and Spain , within which we must push forward in order to <unk> this agreement in Gothenburg .
He also stated that he did not contemplate the <unk> of any settlements .
It <unk> the door on positive scientific applications and developments .
But when , only a few days after the Wye <unk> meeting , the Foreign Minister , Ariel Sharon , in breach of the recent agreement , openly encouraged Israeli <unk> to occupy Palestinian territory , what happened then ?
Are there any other comments , ladies and gentlemen ?
The four themes were violence , economics , decision making and institutional mechanisms , and this means that one of the most important themes , namely health , will only be discussed at the EU &apos; s Conference .
In addition , our Group supports the Commission &apos;s guidelines and , like the rapporteur , welcomes the importance attributed to the regional and <unk> integration process , provided that the integrity and unity of the ACP as a group is not affected .
It would have read as follows : a uniform interpretation of the Stability and Growth Pact must be achieved in order to avoid undermining the credibility of the euro area and thus the effectiveness of its monetary policy ; considers that the European Central Bank must confirm to the Commission that the Pact is being implemented with sufficient flexibility as to promote growth .
Does the Commission envisage possibilities for resolving the problems that have arisen with Israel within a reasonable time ?
Could the Court of Auditors enter into specific agreements with the national courts of auditors so that they perform tasks on behalf of the European Community budget , too ?
Madam President , Madam President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , I hope you will forgive me if I go over my speaking time by half a minute .
What is more the European Union mission being by far the largest observer mission deployed in the country and operational right across the nation , also contributed significantly to the coordination of the overall electoral monitoring effort in Zimbabwe .
There is no doubt that gender equality , the realisation of equal opportunities for women and men , will still be one of the great challenges at the various political levels over the coming years .
Yet the new Protocol with Mauritius - and the Commission will correct me if I am wrong - provides for <unk> fishing possibilities for countries such as Germany or the Netherlands .
The <unk> in Luxembourg , which brought together the Heads of State and of Government of the fifteen member and eleven applicant countries was an emotional moment , and one which personally moved me a great deal .
I would like to end by saying that the opposing positions are of two kinds : some people want to merge everything into an institute for human rights , and there are already plans to set this up in Vienna .
You asked me , Mr Turmes , where I was when the global strategy for sustainable development was drawn up in Rio in 1992 .
In addition , great emphasis has been placed on small and medium-sized enterprises , precisely because of the particular industrial structure of our economy , which is predominantly characterised by an industrial fabric made up of productive areas that are unable to develop independent research projects .
I would like to make just three brief points .
Now that we are making sure that the agreement is implemented in our legislation , it is important for these objectives to be attained .
This is partly because it is a less pure substance than <unk> , and partly because the substances are not the same .
I hope that , at the European Council , this single proposal , which has now been signed by thousands of people , will be the only point of convergence .
The question of the three per cent for research and the question of the European patent are clearly far from insignificant .
If the environmental <unk> is tied hand and foot to a political body in carrying out its remit , you can forget about proper scrutiny .
Your fifth question was whether the duration of <unk> should be <unk> with the Financial Perspectives to ensure a better coordination of planning activities ?
The report concludes that Member States stand only to benefit if the EU decides to do more for this sector of the fishing industry .
It may indeed have happened with the knowledge of the Turkish authorities .
Obviously , this <unk> and credibility are the result of complying with the stability and growth pacts , which it is absolutely crucial to pursue and abide by .
<unk> together , these speeches clearly set out the progressive agenda that the European Commission intends to take forward .
We have got to act and we have got to act now .
With the situation as the Commissioner has described and the restrictions it places on the distribution of tickets , there will undoubtedly be people who will look for a way round it .
We know that this is not the constitution of a European federal state ; it is the constitution of a union of citizens and states , which will always be more than just provinces of a Federal Republic of Europe .
They are not always ready to do so .
This is a highly dangerous comparison which will only serve to make it extremely difficult for a solution to be found .
We see no reason to reinforce the <unk> s role in this context .
The National Assembly , that had been elected at the elections on 16 March 1996 , was <unk> and all authority was concentrated on the military junta in power .
The members of the Committee on Budgets are presently examining the Financial Regulation , and this is another area where work must be done and improvements made .
Does <unk> &apos; include <unk> couples of whatever gender ?
I would anticipate your comments , Madam President , that obviously the rapporteur will be in favour of this amendment although it was not addressed at the time in the Committee on Budgetary Control .
The European leaders who were in Moscow a few days ago hardly took the trouble to <unk> that reality , and what meant liberation for the Western Europeans 60 years ago , was another <unk> for Eastern Europe , the difference being that the new dictatorships could count on the active support and sympathy of so many Western European politicians , media , <unk> and many others , some of whom , in fact , appeared to be on the <unk> of the Soviet secret services .
I congratulate the House because , just two years ago , when I took on this portfolio , I thought the financial services and consumer sector was a field that was not exactly taboo but very sensitive - the kind of thing that places those on opposite sides particularly on edge .
I therefore very much regret that these relations are coming under pressure because of the repeated violations of human rights by the Egyptian authorities .
We welcome this further initiative by the Commission and <unk> <unk> &apos;s report on sharing the costs of transport infrastructure .
We have done so based on the consideration that the report thoroughly examines the improved codecision procedure adopted in the Amsterdam Treaty .
All things considered , I do not know .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the people of our Union have no taste for political <unk> .
I am very grateful for this opportunity to comment on Parliament &apos; s amendments and perhaps I can also take this opportunity to pay a tribute to the honourable Member and to her colleagues who have taken so much interest in this extremely important matter .
Adjournment of the session In the meantime we have to work with the best advice we have , which is the ICES advice .
The Italian Presidency maintained constant contact with France , Germany and the United Kingdom with regard to the mission of their Foreign Ministers to <unk> yesterday , 21 October .
Europe is the proud home of the international capital market and this deal now gives that international market a way of bringing its benefits across to domestic investors too .
We have discussed the need to build prisons .
First of all , Amendment No 7 , which <unk> three specific sporting events in addition to the Olympic Games in Athens .
Each of the suspects was capable of <unk> the weapon , but all the evidence suggests that only one of them actually acted in a criminal manner .
The Council , for its part , is committed to attending to the financing needs <unk> by the earthquake in Turkey with the help of a loan from the EIB , <unk> aid , and the funds targeted at the MEDA programme .
This is indeed true , and it is also why we are trying to be much stricter .
Turkish participation in <unk> and <unk> exchanges under the Socrates , Leonardo and <unk> for Europe &apos; programmes can make a very positive contribution here .
The truth is that there are agreements , there are declarations , there is the <unk> Code , there are mechanisms banning child labour .
Moreover , we should - in my view , anyway - also take care that such objectives do not find their way into the EU constitution .
But problem number one is the problem of decision .
Our group supports projects to prevent the sexual exploitation of women and children and to combat the disease and social problems that poverty brings with it .
First of all , the obligation of the competent authorities to intervene in the loading and unloading process as soon as they are informed of a dangerous situation arising for the personnel or the ship .
It is not the tax <unk> that have a distorting effect on the internal market , but rather the excessively high corporation taxes and excise duties .
<unk> in the cultural sector and , above all , the integration of culture at all levels of socioeconomic development are , by their nature , valuable in both social and civic terms and economic and employment terms .
Otherwise , there is a risk that a knowledge-based society would be confined to an elite .
Mr President , I should like to congratulate Mr <unk> on his excellent work on this report .
This directive <unk> a large number of the problems which usually arise when people are involved in an accident in another country .
What is therefore so special about this Blair model , given that the priorities of the UK Presidency are in perfect harmony with those of the entire Union ?
On the contrary , we will be moving towards what one of the journalists on the calls the ‘ disposable American ’ , or , to put it in our terms , the ‘ disposable European ’ .
<unk> million people are starving today ; 15 000 tonnes have been delivered .
<unk> the exercise of the right to free movement is for the benefit of the EU citizen since this right is an essential part of European citizenship .
Although Chechnya , if one regards it – as many do , although I do not – as part of Russia , can therefore be said to be Council of Europe territory and thus subject to the Convention on Human Rights , cluster munitions are deployed directly against the civilian population .
We cannot allow the state to merely stand by and watch the activities of the <unk> of <unk> .
I believe that we must show responsibility — and we have done this in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .
There has been much dispute about the methods of disposal : incineration , <unk> in deep storage in rock or in salt mines and landfill , to name but a few .
One of the main issues on our agenda , and one on which , I am delighted to say , we had a successful outcome , was the nomination of the new President of the European Commission .
A legislator can prohibit or authorise , but should not make <unk> in legislative texts , which is what we do here all the time .
To do all this we therefore need a little more time , without losing sight of the objective of then ratifying the agreement , but in a political context in which peace has been restored .
If we want to avoid further human tragedies in the future , we must address problems earlier on in the process .
Six : following the opposition &apos;s call for a boycott the recorded electoral turnout was only 18 % lower .
There is no doubt that this report has also created the conditions for reflection on how data protection can be made more uniform throughout all our Member States .
Let us show that we share their pride and build joint events for them and <unk> people .
I am referring to the countries of Eastern Europe , most of which belonged to a military alliance opposed to the North Atlantic Alliance .
Your group is therefore asking for the report to be referred back to committee .
Secondly , is the system coherent and efficient ?
It will only be possible to stop people from becoming digital <unk> if we afford them <unk> to the new media in schools , universities and other public spheres .
This is not because <unk> <unk> has told us that we should do that , but because the Court has been pointing out these failures since 1994 .
There is still an enormous amount as yet unpaid .
For the future , I believe that achieving greater flexibility in the interinstitutional negotiations is essential .
This prevents overlapping between programmes .
Then we have the geopolitical aspect : this involves passing on positive values to other state units produced by the Yugoslav <unk> , something that will happen if Slovenia formally and effectively <unk> to the European principles of supranational democracy , avoiding discrimination based on nationalism , upholding in short the principles of European citizenship .
It will come to Parliament as soon as the Council of Ministers has reached the appropriate point in its deliberations .
For the 2000-2006 period provision has been made , unfortunately , only for a total contribution of EUR 2 <unk> million , and an indicative allocation for each Member State has been set .
The next item is the joint debate on the following seven proposals for resolutions on Hong Kong : .
The fair treatment and active integration of third-country nationals , accompanied by measures to prevent discrimination , will assist in the fight against racism and xenophobia .
If firms do not produce evidence of how they deal with finances and with their staff , their tenders should be rejected .
It is important that the WTO is restored in a reformed way .
The Commission would also like to continue the assessment of plans and programmes if investments can be supported from the structural funds .
We do not agree with the idea , for instance , that there should be such a transfer to those who will carry out impact assessments , something that is currently being discussed in the Commission .
I have tried it out on various people ; I have drawn it and written next to it : &apos; What do you think this is ?
People tell me it would be in the interest of France to maintain and reinforce this bilateral cooperation .
Turkey could have used the trial as a means of demonstrating that its reforms of the justice system exist not only on paper .
A similar point should be made for expansion : in the absence of a more than substantial financial effort , there will be a constant reduction in the resources currently intended for regions of the Union that benefit from the policy of cohesion - objectives 1 and 5 - and a <unk> increase in the imbalances between rich regions and poor regions .
Indeed , I am currently still in touch with the American authorities with a view to <unk> up and clarifying their commitments regarding the conditions under which they will be able to forward passenger data to third-country authorities .
Mr President , Minister , ladies and gentlemen , I am confident that the Barcelona European Council will be the first of the key <unk> before us this year on the road to successful implementation of the Lisbon strategy .
<unk> two thirds of jobs in <unk> depend directly or indirectly on sugar .
Both individual substances and the final product have to be produced in accordance with good manufacturing practice .
Without calling into question the entire concept of vessel scrapping , I must stress the irreversible nature of this measure and draw attention to its enormous socio-economic costs in the Member State that I represent and especially in my home region , the <unk> .
Finally , we in Europe and the International Maritime Organisation must encourage changes to the entire international maritime legislation , creating what I would call a <unk> Protocol &apos; , similar to the Kyoto Protocol , to resolve the problems of the sea , which is the reserve of humanity .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , please allow me to refer specifically to the communication of the Commission on the fight against child sex tourism .
They therefore also have the opportunity first of all to lose the debates in their country of origin and then lose them again here , in Brussels or Strasbourg .
That is why Member States were given five years to prepare for adaptation and four more to achieve it and ensure the necessary <unk> were undertaken in a progressive fashion .
In order to put an end to a situation where poverty forces thousands of human beings to leave for <unk> where they hope to have a slightly better life , we must put an end to a social system which , in order to concentrate extraordinary riches in the hands of the few , <unk> poverty on the majority of the planet .
The EU followed the US example as late as 2001 , yet last week the New York <unk> published a <unk> <unk> for the <unk> , using the names and photographs of members of the US Congress and claiming their support .
What is the dissemination for the new ideas , the new products , the new comparisons of socio-economic systems ?
I therefore find it incredible that the Commissioner claims not to be aware of the proposals that Parliament has made repeatedly on this subject .
This would be the greatest victory for the legitimacy of the United Nations and therefore a victory for those who believe in multilateralism and also in the important role of the United Nations Security Council .
I hope tonight and tomorrow the Commission listens to the vote of this House and decides to proceed with its commitment to have a directive on safer car fronts .
When amending the regulation in question , we have attempted to assess the tasks entrusted to the committee and bring those considered to be political rather than technical before the House for it to study and vote on .
It results in better quality of life for EU citizens by increasing safety and confidence in products on the internal market .
That was over 40 years ago .
Even though we face challenges in the present Member States , the challenges are still greater in the new Member States .
The chemical industry in the EU employs 1.7 million people , while some 3 million more are associated with it as suppliers .
I do not think my answer will satisfy the honourable Member .
With regard to Mr Rothley , I must say one thing ; with Mr Rothley as rapporteur , the Statute is very difficult , without Mr Rothley , it is impossible and we must all be aware of this and , therefore , instead of increasing divisions and <unk> many members of this House , what we must do is work together and bring this Statute forward .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , the enlargement of Europe brings us face to face with the historic question : we talk of enlarging Europe , but what exactly do we mean by Europe ?
Mr President , I wanted to reply to Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf .
The Court of Auditors &apos; report repeatedly tells us that we do not really decentralise enough .
The targets included the <unk> de <unk> and the Spanish Chamber of <unk> , with another attack taking place near an Italian <unk> .
In any event , as with bank guarantees , the Commission does not consider it appropriate that such issues be addressed through special provisions in specific regulations but rather in a horizontal manner .
Neither do I believe that the levying of a <unk> tax &apos; constitutes a threat to capital markets ( paragraph 13 ) .
What I expressed hope for in my closing remarks was that we could get the proposed legislation implemented soon .
The Congo Mr President , I am pleased to follow the honourable gentleman , Mr <unk> .
( The sitting was closed at <unk> p. m . ) .
It is also the presidency &apos;s intention to target maximum attention on the issue of employment at Florence , thus contributing to a more balanced public perception of the collective commitment to ever more widespread economic growth to the real benefit of all .
I do not doubt the good will of the former Prime Minister of Luxembourg , but after more than two years as President , we unfortunately have to say that Mr Santer does not have the power to match his intentions .
The considered view of this Parliament in the consultation period over the next four to five weeks will for obvious reasons be of great significance .
We cannot accept this situation .
With regard to the proposal on the free movement and the freedom to travel of third-country nationals , for which Mrs <unk> is rapporteur , I should like , first of all , to point out that the proposal contains important aspects in terms of the creation of an area of freedom , security and justice .
Two weeks ago , I went to <unk> <unk> .
In this regard , I believe that the European Union must ensure recognition of this <unk> within it .
On the other hand , the MEPs would say yes , as this is of great interest to them .
We are against that independence , because we think this would open up a <unk> &apos;s box and lead to borders in Europe being challenged , in this particular region but elsewhere too .
<unk> for medical reasons would be exempt .
Regarding the first point , we say quite clearly that , in order to take into consideration the requirements of sustainable development which the European Union has endorsed , it is essential that , in some instances , there is state aid to businesses , be it in the form of tax exemptions , special taxation or even direct aid .
It has perhaps not been said often enough that it is the only means at our disposal to support , against the will of governments that are often <unk> or dictatorial , civil society , activists and NGOs working in conditions that are often extremely complicated .
We have the capacity to speak with great dignity and with very fine words .
This has been condemned as contrary to the European Convention on Human Rights .
State subsidies have never been of benefit to anything at all and are expensive for the Member States .
The programme for the European Year of Languages offers a splendid basis for providing information about the many different opportunities there are for learning foreign languages , and it is important .
We were asked to try and arrive at the broadest possible consensus .
What we have is neither a Constitution nor a Treaty , but a Constitutional Treaty .
In its work programme for this year , the Commission had , subsequent to recent competition decisions regarding the postal sector , foreseen to reflect on introducing more transparency in the relationship between <unk> &apos; activities inside and outside the universal service in the postal sector .
Our answer is an emphatic no , for a lot more is required if consideration is to be given to doing so .
What we in fact need is to more efficiently <unk> the sum total of commitment appropriations voted through to real needs and to the capabilities of beneficiaries to absorb and utilise these appropriations , an improvement in programme management , as we have proposed regarding the MEDA programme , and revision of the commitment system within the ambit of the reform of the Financial Regulation .
Look at me : I work all day , from six in the morning until two the following morning .
Like Mr <unk> i <unk> , in the name of my group I should like to support the amendments he has proposed .
Here I wish to highlight the new regulatory system for harmonising criminal law , which I regard as very useful .
It was brought to my attention that certain electoral registers , that is to say lists of people entitled to vote , might not have been drawn up correctly .
A man approached and I asked him whether it was his <unk> .
I should also like to suggest that , as we take this issue forward , we might perhaps reconsider whether in the long term it makes sense for such <unk> protection systems to continue to be used at all , particularly in urban areas .
In other words there is no longer any question of it carrying out some kind of coordination of the monetary policies of the relevant Member States .
This is not so much because we would like to have a bigger market , but because the European Union appears to be capable of guaranteeing peace and stability , albeit within its own borders , but not outside of those , unfortunately .
Instead of investing in environmentally sound areas , they do the opposite , and it is research into the nuclear energy sector , for example , which receives the most aid .
Are we ready to revise our intensive and <unk> agricultural policies , our unfair , subsidised trade policies , and to control the market and the price of products from the South in such a way that they are profitable ?
– Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , I should like , after having thanked Mr Böge and our negotiators , to summarise the specific reasons that led our committee emphatically to endorse the draft Interinstitutional Agreement presented to us .
The Tories , on the other hand , offer nothing but rising crime and falling investment .
Think of the sick , of sick children and their families , families who have managed to fill the gap and deal with the institutional delay by setting up an extraordinary network of support groups , set up on the initiative of parents and relatives of victims of these diseases , who have often <unk> a whole wealth of knowledge based on their experiences and on the exchange of information .
We have to end this domination of our society by the producers and ensure that the concerns of consumers and ordinary people are given far more consideration .
The problem is not the European Working Time Directive ; the problem is German hospitals ’ <unk> to reform .
Can we isolate one country , but not the other ?
Fifthly , we should openly declare our support for Brazil and South Africa as soon as charges are brought against them .
The European language proficiency indicator is , however , primarily important for <unk> the Member States ’ own citizens in creating a certain comparative and competitive advantage .
The rapporteur recognises that the supply of cod in the fishing ports on the east coast of the Irish and North Sea has declined dramatically in the last ten years .
I agree with that part of the report , which calls for this , because this would place the main choices before the European public , including I hope by then some enlargement countries , so that they could make their choices at the next European election .
The corresponding figures for the retail trade were some 60 % in 1985 and nearly 90 % in 1995 .
I would like to dare him to work closely with the other groups in order to reach unanimity .
You are all aware of them : the definition and scope of <unk> , the composition of the Commission , and a number of other issues of varying degrees of complexity and sensitivity .
But in the joint motion for a resolution , it proposes as a solution the reform of the immigration policy provided for in the Treaty of Amsterdam and , in this respect , it is wrong .
There may be doubt about whether this aim can be achieved by way of more comprehensive legislation , but one thing is clear – and that brings me back to something on which we are all agreed – that monitoring was and remains the most important thing .
The fact is that , if viewers want to watch American or any other programmes day and night , then nothing can stop them , certainly not the EU – or is that the hidden reality ?
We find it quite extraordinary that now , at the end of this outdated regime , we should be calling for , and I quote : &apos; a political solution to the crisis in Zaire ... without any external military interference &apos; .
I would like to tell the House that on learning of his appointment he told me and some parliamentary colleagues that he had a <unk> about going there , but he <unk> that aside and set about fulfilling his mission there .
<unk> measures to tackle unemployment in Europe are after all a major priority .
As <unk> <unk> feature among the most secure financial instruments and benefit from the highest bond <unk> , no one would have understood if we had headed towards a state of inflexibility and not allowed any leeway with regard to national regulation .
I think the relevant services should speak to the rapporteur and correct the error before we move on to the vote .
A problem in this respect is the fact that the total decommissioning process takes up several decades .
Of course , passengers would often consider it more important that a solution be found than compensation be paid .
There must be safer air travel , at least within the EU , and its safety must know no frontiers .
Because of our fierce opposition to this <unk> , we have voted against the measures proposed by the Conciliation Committee , which are liable to encourage disruption in those services with a direct bearing on the safety of our ports .
To that end we have concluded a mutual assistance agreement which constitutes not just an important technical instrument but also demonstrates a real political wish on the part of Switzerland to cooperate with the Commission .
As <unk> Fontaine rightly reminded us this morning , preserving this most precious commodity called life means , in the end , obtaining a universal moratorium on the death penalty as a first step towards its abolition .
<unk> developments in the information society will drastically change our environment and our working and living conditions .
First and foremost we have to tackle its root causes , and those are not short <unk> or too little <unk> on the part of women , but the millions of European men who use violence in some form or other every day .
The debate will resume at 9 p. m. and the President-in-Office of the Council will be present .
A process has been discovered .
.
Also on Mrs Péry &apos;s report , and with many doubts in my mind , I should like to express the following reservations .
It also marks the beginning of an intensive period of innovation of waste management restructuring and , above all , of expenditure on other means of disposal by taxpayers .
But there is still a lot left to do , as the Commission itself admitted in its <unk> report on cohesion , and in its proposal for Agenda 2000 , maintaining the Cohesion Fund after 1999 , even within monetary union .
I would therefore ask that we look to the future with the firm obligation to achieve that prosperity and security that our citizens are asking us for .
( Applause ) European Council meeting of <unk> June 2001 in Göteborg - Swedish presidency ( Parliament adopted the resolution ) This is not how things have worked out , however , with the totalitarian regime that installed itself having <unk> even the fall of the Berlin Wall .
We should not have financial controls which last for three or four years , during which time nothing is achieved in the field of research .
We cannot afford to miss this opportunity , as we have too often done in the past .
I have to tell Mr Barroso that , if he tries to combine public services with the efficiency of the market , he will end up <unk> the core of the European social model .
New and ambiguous terms are becoming current , such as employability , adaptation , flexibility of labour , terms which are of our times but which need to be freed from <unk> <unk> and defined clearly , because it is natural that in a climate of unemployment such terms and approaches could create fears in our fellow citizens .
( Parliament approved the Minutes ) Yet sometimes merely giving money has no effect .
This bleak state of affairs has come about for two reasons ; one is flooding and drought , but – as has already been said in this debate – it has far more to do with the price war in food <unk> , in which farmers are generally on the losing side .
We know they have it , we sold it to them .
The report &apos;s proposal that information about funding should be public is an excellent one , but could equally be implemented under the present system if the will exists .
To a journalist &apos;s question , &apos; Why did you do that , Mr <unk> ?
<unk> replied that everything had already been said , but not yet by everybody .
Economic confidence will grow .
Today , we can say that the way we adapt our Community cohesion policy with a view to enlargement will determine the quality of the Union &apos; s future development .
As first <unk> of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , I should like to give this piece of advice to the forthcoming Parliament .
We are also calling for a responsible export policy in the pharmaceutical sector , with the introduction of a code of conduct .
Both options remain on the table , and must be assessed in the light of their potential for ensuring that the common interests of the Community are safeguarded .
Since then , these countries have gone through a huge process of change , moving peacefully from dictatorship to stable , participatory democracy .
Thirdly , no account has been taken of the detailed provisions in relation to the distinction between living <unk> and <unk> objects in Articles 3 , 4 , 5 and 9 , which the churches had urged .
That is our <unk> , he is the man that is going to stand up for British interests .
The Kosovo conflict brought home to us only too clearly the implications of not having our own information system .
The majority of Member States have an age limit of 65 , but this is not the rule , it is the exception .
This is the very least that should be done .
I hope that this debate points the way ahead as to how these rights can be incorporated in the next treaties .
Will it be possible for them to be implemented in a credible way by 16 May ?
The time has come for all EU Member States to display realism , generosity and vision , and less of the petty short-sighted protectionism we saw on Monday .
Mr President , I wish to raise a point of order touched on in the debate this morning .
That is in nobody &apos; s interest .
I would appeal to you , Mr President , to convey my message – and perhaps the message of many others in this House – to the Council and to the Commission that in the International Court in The Hague we must come off the <unk> .
We are well aware that the current trend is for more and more of those living in the countryside to have only <unk> ties with agriculture , with the result being a large overlap between agricultural policy and regional policy .
The young Turks who visit my country , even if some of them are <unk> , do have their first chance to really get to know Europe and to correct the <unk> picture of Europe they may have received from their national press .
Mr President , on a point of order on the same issue , there is a <unk> unpleasant <unk> <unk> this building , not just in this Chamber , but outside as well .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I am not sure <unk> was <unk> , after all he was <unk> between <unk> and the Roman Empire .
However , in a region as unstable as <unk> , this <unk> country has been exposed to intolerable economic pressure from its neighbours Turkey and Azerbaijan .
A development policy aimed at independent regional development offers the chance and the condition for peaceful coexistence within the south / north framework , which is why we must not cut these scarce resources even more in future .
The Commission agrees that this is very important , and it is also recognised in the report that we are discussing here today .
Also , the necessary funds must be provided so that the agreement may be put into effect ; particularly - and this has already been mentioned - with regard to the promotion of development and education , of all those measures which will finally allow the population of <unk> <unk> to come together and live in peace , freedom and democracy .
We have fought on behalf of the EU by pointing out the circumstances to the President of Belarus , but the President goes on as before , just the same .
The third principle : the human body is not for sale , not to be bought and not to be stolen .
This guiding principle is mainly the protection of the Community &apos; s financial interests .
We should prioritise the most important items of expenditure .
In my opinion , these partnership and cooperation agreements are the ideal way to achieve this .
The 2003 discharge resolution gave very valuable guidance on how to further improve , and we are working to do that .
If it does not , the situation may become explosive .
The order of business is thus adopted .
There will be a billion for strengthening the EU ’ s external aspects , and an extra billion will really <unk> the <unk> of the Common Foreign and Security Policy .
Many thanks to all those who helped me produce this report .
Lastly , I believe that it would be appropriate to provide for a single labelling system for these kinds of products in daily use , for that would allow the consumer to recognise and the producer to promote products which are less harmful to the environment .
Today , however , I wish to thank the rapporteur , Mr <unk> , particularly since he has been so unfairly attacked by his own group .
The debates of which I have spoken and which will ensure the European Union a good future , are already underway .
What are we going to do with our children ?
We have perhaps come to the end of a long task which started with an own-initiative report by the European Parliament on the European Social Fund .
All of that is clear .
We are obliged to get together with our European partners and combine our efforts at a level which gives constitutional states more power than criminals .
Finally , I would like to say to Mr Bushill-Matthews , who is here , that the journalist on the <unk> <unk> , to which you sent your press releases on this report , <unk> me back and asked me about a specific amendment that contained your <unk> and your words , which he said was the nonsense part of this whole directive .
What we have to do today is take a rather more limited approach than we took with the first packaging directives of many years ago .
Mr President , I am glad that the Commissioner sees the solution to a problem which concerns many European citizens and in particular the Spanish <unk> Association in such simple and straightforward terms .
This week we voted for a EU network of national monitoring centres on football <unk> .
I therefore ask you to support this motion for a resolution .
Despite this , the latest <unk> outbreak incurred billions <unk> worth of damage to the European economy .
Cultural projects have a great potential in our Community framework - a potential not yet realised , unfortunately .
I indicated a short while ago that I wished to put a supplementary question , and even though I did so very early on , it would appear that no one noticed .
For example , it is understandable that there is a wish to control the Internet at the moment .
Europe &apos;s citizens are increasingly able to live within the boundaries of natural regions , which have not been formed through political <unk> and the shifting of borders after wars , but rather as a result of natural and historical development .
Consequently we think the pillar of youth exchanges must be strengthened , especially since if we increase and redistribute the funds available , we can hopefully involve some one and a half million young people in the various measures and actions .
We should not have been able to come so far if all the parties had not had the practical political will to deliver to Europe in this area .
It is very important in terms of the market place we find ourselves in , because the modern consumer for the public service wants quality , choice and reasonable price , and competition is the best means of ensuring that , whatever the form of ownership .
The situation is even worse than in 1992 because not everyone will receive compensation .
Here , it is important that multilateral agreements on direct investments and financial services come about quickly .
It is a form of production which takes place in a range of special Community regions , the outermost regions , which suffer a range of difficulties in competing in the markets and one of whose few products is precisely this one - the banana .
I conclude by saying that overall we are relatively happy with the outcome so far of the Budget Committee .
You do not want to get involved in the issue of what will happen to the 150 000 people who will be thrown out into the streets .
A first example of the way the European values are applied in everyday life can be seen in the EU &apos; s enlargement policy .
To us it is tantamount to an act of political bankruptcy as far as climate protection is concerned , because it means that we are <unk> to the interests of industry and the United States .
The long-standing plan to decentralise power and strengthen the cities and local authorities must finally be executed .
I am quite convinced that the Greek Presidency of the Council will read everything .
Despite this difference of opinion , my group shares their view that continued isolation and exclusion from European cooperation offer no solution to Albania ’ s enormous problems .
Consequently , I believe that these aspects should either come under the heading of <unk> projects or under special actions .
Today , 21 Member States have not yet fulfilled their promise to provide 0.7 % of gross domestic product in development aid .
After enlargement there will be problems and needs in the EU as it currently stands .
So our group firmly supports the amendment calling on the Council to adopt the necessary measures to prevent any national of a Member State accused of terrorism or collaboration with an armed group obtaining refugee status in another Member State .
The number of refugees in the country today is estimated to be three million .
This situation has obviously now changed .
It appears that at present , a number of actions are still carried out <unk> , which leads to high charges and extended handling times .
We must not forget that people working in tourism , especially women , encounter particular problems such as seasonal work , the need to renew contracts from one year to the next , social protection , lack of interest in continuing education , and reduced possibilities for development .
Mr President , I would like to thank the Commissioner for his presentation and congratulate him on his work on this very difficult topic , one on which I have had many discussions with him in the recent past .
Mr President , extending the present European sugar regime is the best solution for producers , consumers and developing countries .
Furthermore , it contains innovative aspects that will have to be interpreted and used constructively .
When President Prodi seems to confirm the gravity of this crisis , saying that unemployment puts European civilization at risk , he is making an important and telling statement .
The height of the <unk> and <unk> <unk> have not been altered yet , and in Austria , absolutely nothing has been done about the Brenner railway .
But that is just a comment in passing .
The main elements of Mr Kittelmann &apos;s report are entirely consistent with our position .
Therefore , in future , we should think of something different .
That is what we are aiming for , and it is a very good thing that Parliament is sticking to this line .
If the means of control available to the Member States are intended to help protect workers , then it follows that no restrictions must be placed upon them , and that – rather than the assertion that such a thing is no more than a bureaucratic imposition – must be the guiding principle of the <unk> .
Until that happens , my group will abstain .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , by way of introduction to my speech , I would like to thank most sincerely all the shadow rapporteurs from all the groups .
<unk> service is paid time and again to the principle of supporting small and medium-sized businesses , but the fact is that we give them far too little support , even though they are the engine of our economy and the <unk> of European jobs .
I was a parliamentarian for 12 years and a member of the Committee on Budgets and I know how members of the Committee on Budgets kill off the best ideas .
Mr President , the concern of the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy stems from the legal disputes with the United States and Canada concerning the European Union &apos; s obligations in the context of the WTO and the application of the precautionary principle , to which we attach great importance .
Mr President of the Commission , let me turn now to you .
These are the factors of production on which the business costs advantage operates , unfairly distorting every competitive capacity and transforming it into , instead of the free operation of the market , open dumping that runs counter to the interests not only of one sector , but of the entire Community .
<unk> management : the Commission has already stated that there is an emergency plan .
Both Mr Dupuis &apos; speech and my own were intended to challenge the request made by the chair , Mr Barón Crespo , regarding the application of Rule 112 .
This has also been rejected .
What will it be like then when the differences no longer concern people who share the same philosophy , but the fixing of interest rates on which the <unk> of specific economies is dependent ?
Subject : Racism in Brussels The debate is closed .
I think more debate on this is called for , and we need to <unk> the courage to do this .
Since the Parliament enjoys the power of codecision in many <unk> <unk> and MEPs &apos; votes therefore have a direct impact on the regulation , how is the Commission planning to take forward its proposals and what concrete plans has it to involve the European Parliament in its strategy ?
This is why the European Union and also its very peaceful Member States will need to be very much on the alert so as to fight terrorism in their own countries too .
There is also an increased risk of children suffering from <unk> growth .
Steel is an old <unk> .
We should be doing better than that in the 21st century .
That is remarkable because religious freedom is basically guaranteed in Morocco , which has also signed various international human rights conventions .
My concern is that there should be a clear statement of policy and an indication that these <unk> are of particular significance to the European Union and its Member States .
Unfortunately I do not share your optimism , even though it is cautious , but I admit that your words have , to some extent , <unk> my concerns .
Let us do everything possible so that 2001 might truly be the year in which we do achieve it .
The intention of this proposal is to replace fifteen sets of national regulations with one set of European regulations .
I thought the purpose of this Question Time was precisely to demand answers from the Council , which is why I am very pleased to be able to answer Mr Dupuis &apos; s question further .
One of the arguments that was always put against British membership of the European Union was that it would mean that we would be turning our backs on the Commonwealth and that Europe was an <unk> small club of rich nations that did not care about the rest of the world .
I support the plea in the Fabra Vallés report for improved harmony between European humanitarian aid and that of the Member States .
<unk> : a court action and repair costs greater than the cost of the programme itself .
Obviously , such a course of action meant that Tibet ’ s great religion was first in the line of fire .
The need for bilateral cooperation in the task of rebuilding the country was emphasised .
Following the <unk> of President Laurent Kabila , the international community and the European Parliament must intervene in this political transition .
There would therefore be a risk of losing the money .
The people of Central and Eastern Europe have stood up for freedom , democracy and self-determination , and have done so with great success .
<unk> the full benefit that services can bring to the EU economy will boost growth and jobs .
It should be explicitly stated that the Member State is not required to enforce the conviction handed down in another Member State , but just to draw the appropriate conclusions from the earlier case in the new proceedings .
Some people seem to be focussing all their attention on one element of our proposal , and <unk> it .
Quite often , the drafting of the Budget is seen as a <unk> way of establishing the sad fact that we cannot get by on our revenue .
When the time comes for the great open debate on the future of the European Union , that is the central issue on which I propose opening up the discussion , particularly on the left .
When I hear criticisms in a budget debate such as those made by an eminent Member of this House , Mr Giansily , I want to reply , as General de Gaulle did thirty years ago , by saying <unk> yes , chaos no ! &apos;
That requires , above and beyond everything else , <unk> pressure on the unacceptably high and legally dubious levels of subsidies which continue to flow to fossil energy sources in the European Union , notably , but not <unk> , the coal industry in a number of large Member States .
We will judge Mr Prodi on his respect for this commitment .
Secondly , if we want to do justice to Lisbon and Gothenburg , we must stop <unk> about the environmental <unk> .
Let us acknowledge , ladies and gentlemen , the fact that the report I am presenting to you is evidence of the considerable unity of the committee I chair , a unity that has not always been in evidence .
From now on , should we reduce the aid which our regions and sectors in difficulty benefit from ?
Unfortunately she was not prepared to invite people from Northern Ireland to the hearing in Brussels but I am not going to fall out with her on that this evening .
The clearly identified commercial criteria are widely debated here .
The European Union <unk> more to Africa than any other institution or government in the world .
It also happens , and we have discussed such cases , that people do indeed have to go back and are forcibly returned to their country of origin .
<unk> at European level that employers should take necessary measures to guarantee workers &apos; safety is only reasonable .
Even if we hear nothing else , we know that is going in the right direction in terms of the reforms that we want to see .
It is true that there has been a request to keep data for longer than the period foreseen by the current or previous agreement .
It is particularly important for our new Member States , which have been denied the advantage of free movement of people , goods and services for so long .
It became evident that the European Union and Russia had decidedly different views as to the shape that future cooperation should take , but it should be noted on the positive side that the EU-Russia summit saw the subject being handled in a frank , positive and productive fashion , with both sides agreeing that the energy dialogue , having already been begun , should be continued with to a greater extent and in greater depth .
Local authorities and organisations in the area are categorically opposed to the proposed project and studies have shown that <unk> Bay is an unsuitable site for construction of this type ( a small , <unk> closed <unk> , <unk> fault , <unk> , fish farm ) .
The bureaucracy , the endless round of Council meetings and the obscure and incomprehensible deals are hardly likely to fire people with enthusiasm , either in the Netherlands or elsewhere .
The next treaty too will contain familiar <unk> of the nation States of old .
As the time allotted to Questions to the Commission has elapsed , Questions Nos 10 to 38 will be replied to in writing .
It is undoubtedly the main instrument of coordination , control and monitoring of that strategy .
The joint debate is closed .
As I said at the beginning , the Commission fully shares the questioner &apos;s concern , which is why we are engaged in inquiries into whether to make changes to the <unk> directive so that we can ensure that other Member States see a development along the lines of what the questioner has described as being the case in Sweden .
It took us less than four weeks to propose a flexible budgetary instrument , with Mrs Schreyer &apos;s leadership .
Mr President , first of all I too should like to thank Commissioner Busquin and the rapporteur , Mr Caudron , for the excellent work that has been done with a view to the approval of this Sixth Research Framework Programme .
It might , for example , be no more than 1 % of companies ’ net profits , in order to safeguard their competitiveness .
I visited the Dublin Institute last weekend .
The fifth programme actually contained a line on &quot; land transport and marine technologies &quot; including the draft presented by Commissioner Busquin , based on focussing resources .
And the fundamental values of the rule of law , the participation of the people , good governance and the protection of human rights have formed the structural objectives of these governments .
I do not think so .
The formula which I would now propose , and which I can commit myself to , is that , before these payments are made , the <unk> of the Committees involved in these issues , for example , should be informed , so that Parliament has knowledge of them and there is no problem with regard to the need for confidentiality in relation to certain matters .
No problem for them , because this kind of product is not of major importance to them .
It is obvious that the workers have nothing to gain from Greece &apos; s accession to the single currency <unk> <unk> <unk> ; on the contrary , they are even more certain to see a continuation , on stricter terms and with increased &quot; supervision from on high &quot; on the part of the EU , of the <unk> austerity policy which has been exercised for the last ten years .
Less EUR 15 million for TACIS , less EUR 25 million for MEDA , less EUR 16 million for <unk> , less EUR 9 million for Latin America .
In the second place , it seems to me that neither the government of the United Kingdom nor the European Commission wants to go into this in more detail , although you have made an <unk> .
I am afraid that these reports concentrate too much on approval .
My ambition is to serve a Europe that grows ever more united .
We need to <unk> EU institutions to all the communities of the Union .
Here , too , we must keep an eye on the process , to avoid a <unk> effect which could prove to be extremely negative , discouraging , of course , the populist <unk> emerging more or less everywhere , which paint European integration in an extremely negative light .
Following these requests , negotiations between Switzerland and the European Union resulted in a package of sectoral agreements .
In the likely event that there has been no upturn in the economic situation by then , will the Commission seriously be able to consider recommending the same economic policies as those of previous years , which have proved disappointing in terms of growth and employment ?
We are not in the business of creating a European Army .
<unk> the EU at the forefront of action to prevent this particular kind of <unk> would be welcomed by them .
There has already been a good deal of debate about these and I have no wish to go over the same ground again .
I was not in office at the time ’ .
However , whether we want a bureaucratic <unk> is another matter .
Therefore , Parliament will be within its rights to make any complaint it wishes to and to raise issues .
It is an absolutely fundamental principle .
As for the Commission , in the light of the committee &apos;s conclusions , it will do everything it considers necessary , in accordance with its institutional prerogatives and its sense of the general European interest .
I believe that the time for action in this place has passed , Mrs Gradin .
The province , which has three power stations in operation , is also undergoing a considerable crisis resulting from its mines being shut down .
What matters to the health of a society is less what it possesses than the direction in which its face is set .
We can inform the House that the White Paper on foreign policy which was published by the Irish Government earlier this year stated that , if a suitable opportunity arose in the course of the Intergovernmental Conference , the Irish Government would seek an improvement in the status of Irish in the Union .
The situation is clear then : the majority of Parliament wants to increase the Union ’ s budget , in particular in order to fund enlargement .
Now , this is a very common situation in our states .
I voted for the report in the end because the explanatory statement , which was unfortunately not put to the vote , makes it clear that children requiring protection are defined as those up to 18 years old .
The Commission and the Member States must therefore do their utmost to promote systems of cooperation that will allow them to face up to this stronger competition .
Surely it is not just a matter of cheap domestic help ?
Finally , 80 % of the weapons are exported by the big five in the United Nations .
I remain open to the examination of that question if it should arise .
The second is that I find the resolution far too weak .
In any case , in our societies , the question has now been raised and that is a very good thing .
I believe this diagnosis remains valid .
As a result , the Irish authorities agreed to reinstate the cord grass removal but this time by direct mechanical means .
We are currently talking of first steps , and it is quite absurd to think that we are still , today , at an initial stage , since the call for 0.7 % has been on the table since <unk> and we are now saying that we might be able to achieve <unk> or <unk> % , and we do not even know when !
For example , how can it be that , in your White Paper , we find developments in the involvement of regional and local structures in European politics , developments in decentralised management , in <unk> with various - <unk> - organisations , and how can it be that there is absolutely no mention of the essential role of national Parliaments in the European decision-making process ?
<unk> / 2003 by Mrs <unk> <unk> , on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left / Nordic Green Left , on the situation in <unk> ; ( Parliament adopted the resolution ) I declare the sitting closed .
There is a problem with compliance on the part of certain Member States with the requirements of legislation on shipping registers .
And secondly , we all know that Turkey holds the key to the Cyprus problem .
In addition , the sector itself must be able to strengthen its competitive advantages by developing innovation and <unk> information technologies even more than in the past .
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday 15 March .
This is my group &apos;s position , and it is also where we feel the emphasis should be placed in the present debate .
For a large part it is <unk> legislation , <unk> legislation .
( The Minutes were adopted ) I shall now speak briefly in Irish .
This is , I repeat , an extremely delicate issue , and if it is to be handled successfully I do not think everything can be made public .
We hope that we will be able to include all the suggestions and documents that Member States may send us on this matter .
By their lack of interest in the latest European elections , our fellow citizens have shown that the EU is not bringing to pass the European dream that we promise them .
Several recent initiatives by the Commission in this area are proof of this common approach .
It is not always necessary to amend the Treaties in order to improve the operation of the institutions .
President Prodi , today you have presented the Commission &apos; s five-year programme , and it has many objectives that we endorse .
I shall say no more .
If the reason was the <unk> of the European political system , then the message is the need to arm the European Union with the qualities of a single and genuine political identity .
Eurojust raises many questions , so I am glad Commissioner Vitorino is here .
I think Parliament would benefit from greater transparency , coherence , information and control over these policies .
However , with this agreement we can say no to any implementing measures we <unk> , even every single one of them , if we are dealing with <unk> measures .
Its purpose is to clarify the fact that indirect advertising remains within the competence of the Member States and that they may <unk> advertising bans in this area .
And yet here we are , going through the motions of a debate all over again .
There are no independent producers .
The weapons inspectors of the first four years were not effective in disarming Iraq , but acted as an intelligence service for those states that sent and paid their experts and <unk> .
I would very much like to start by asking you , Commissioner , why you have brought before Parliament a report on the implementation of the packaging directive when the revision of the <unk> Regulations is already before us .
I think it is right for the debate on the future of Europe to be <unk> .
I am therefore convinced , Madam President , that the text we are proposing to Parliament is in complete accordance with the wishes of the vast majority of our Parliament to bring this extraordinarily complex and important task of completing monetary union to a successful conclusion .
I hope that it is possible for Parliament then to consider these issues on the basis of what has happened , knowing that there is no question of any <unk> action which could <unk> endanger the health of the European citizen .
One thing is clear , and that is that the Cardiff Summit was a Summit without any news .
In relation to the report from the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education and the Media , the European Parliament is today suggesting that we include Turkey among the beneficiaries of the Socrates and Youth for Europe III programmes .
Obviously , we do not wish to pass judgment in the old way , using one single criterion – certainly as an advocate of the Community method , I would definitely not venture to do anything like that – so I admit that many positive things have happened in each of the four areas for which you set strategic objectives , and for that I am indebted to you .
Additional tasks are transferred and the whole thing is <unk> by the Council , which then comes to us and tells us that we must be more careful with money !
I welcome the approach adopted in this proposal for a voluntary code .
Of course , I am not suggesting that a one-way system be introduced or that Members <unk> about with a bell , but I do think that the great many visitors to this Parliament should let Members through who obviously wish to get to the Hemicycle on time .
There have been reports of some infection found in the <unk> of some pigs in Vietnam , but it has not extended any further and there has been no evidence of <unk> of the flu virus .
China is now an economic and political <unk> which is increasingly also becoming a global player .
Even so , when discussing the protection of our cultural heritage , which focuses primarily on preserving the cultural achievements of the past , what should be borne in mind is that culture is a dynamic and diverse process , so , while cultural policy has to be concerned with the maintenance and conservation of our cultural heritage , it must also take responsibility for the creation of cultural networks for contemporary culture and artistic trends that serve as a basis for the cultural heritage of the future .
Secondly , the consequences of the agreement in the USA and , of course , in the EU must be considered .
However , there is one point with which I , like other members of the Dutch People &apos; s Party for Freedom and Democracy , am struggling , namely the following .
The other disadvantage of the <unk> proposal is that it does not name any figure .
I organised a visit of MEPs to Hong Kong at the time of the elections to the new <unk> in May of this year .
The Treaty does not currently provide for any independent data protection body for the Union institutions .
I noted that most parties in Parliament and the Council are broadly supportive of the Commission ’ s proposals to strengthen the strategic focus of structural fund spending on the Lisbon and Göteborg agendas .
The Working Party on Criminal and Community Law is currently examining a second draft protocol to the convention .
We wanted to express our <unk> as regards these points by abstaining in committee .
This would have a positive impact on the development of inshore fishing and the improved processing of catches and would also meet the expectations of those working in the sector .
Although current legal immigration policy is inadequate in the Member States , Parliament shows a lack of consideration in drawing up , as a solution , a tighter and more exclusive policy , the basis of which is not humanitarianism and human rights , but the needs – defined by whom , may I ask ?
– of each Member State in terms of its labour market policy .
The same applies to <unk> in my view .
Some fear misuse of the scheme but I cannot read the report as promoting abortion .
Their capacity to participate in the world trade system falls well below the mark .
Is it at all possible for the left to respond to the wishes of the voters ?
We cannot accept Amendment No 45 , which would weaken the proposal by forcing Member States to revise the legal framework and nor can we accept Amendment No 46 .
Do the Greens accept the oral amendment as an addition ?
It has urged both sides to avoid further confrontation and to cooperate fully with the United Nations force in Cyprus in its efforts to defuse tensions .
The increasing role of the <unk> no doubt explains why , as the wise men confirmed , certain Commissioners - I am not saying all of them - lost control over their administrations .
This is because it shows that the Union places the fundamental rights of citizens at the top of the political concerns for the future of our common project .
<unk> a <unk> ago , Commissioner , on 1 July , you sent a letter to the chairman of the Committee on Transport and Tourism in which you said , firstly , that Parliament should be involved in any changes made to the list of priority projects ; secondly , that your intention was to consider whether such an amendment to the guidelines for the network would be appropriate - which means , if that last phrase makes any sense at all , that you wanted to consider whether or not an amendment to the list of priority projects was required ; and , thirdly , that this amendment should be approved by codecision .
This is a natural consequence of cooperation within the EU .
<unk> with this fragile process would give the Taliban and their <unk> <unk> <unk> a second chance .
But we also have a problem with the Commission .
The Community has just given up the tariff .
In order to <unk> a people who have been independent for a thousand years , it was declared that &apos;the Union is as dead as a <unk> &apos; .
<unk> markedly higher rates of pay per hour apply , and wherever social security is guaranteed , there you will find migrants , and they need to be controlled , with illicit working and <unk> <unk> being prevented .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I would like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr <unk> , on his report , which <unk> the various aspects of <unk> relations in a balanced way and is forward-looking .
It is not enough for the non-governmental organisations alone to participate and the so-called representatives of civil society ; this is a problem affecting all the citizens .
How can so many countries be persuaded to agree ?
By way of an introduction under the heading of cross-border organised crime , the presidency reported on the work of the group of experts on drugs and organised crime .
I hope so too .
The second edition of the European Union &apos; s annual report on human rights has been presented to the European Parliament and a human rights forum will be held in Paris on 13 December .
The present document finds that an informal group is actually insufficient to deal with the matter efficiently .
Such a transitional period would at least give them the ability to plan their future .
So we can only congratulate the rapporteur , Mrs <unk> Martin , for completing such an <unk> task - already attempted in vain , with great courage and dedication by our colleague , Mr <unk> - and she has our appreciation and our gratitude .
Mr President , I would like to express my concern at the <unk> in the Republic of Colombia of a European Union citizen , of Spanish nationality , Carlos <unk> <unk> , an official of the Commission ’ s delegation in Bogotá .
The CAP needs reform before enlargement , in particular , we should stop the hypocrisy of <unk> tobacco to the tune of over EUR 1 billion per year .
We do seem to be going over the same subject again and again , with no real result .
He shares complicity in the highest degree .
In any case , I think we should not <unk> in our efforts .
However , it <unk> me to do so , Mr President , for the issue raised by these States is right and proper , and I wonder why we are waiting to regulate the border control procedures at Europe &apos;s frontiers with a directive which would be immediately applicable throughout the European territory .
We still have to work hard to ensure the smooth integration of the new Member States .
This means promoting policies which support women .
It remains to be seen over the next few weeks whether the <unk> coalition in the Republika Srpska will be able to retain control of the Parliament and whether they will still be putting the prime minister forward .
That has finally got to stop and I can only hope that the Commission stands firm at last , and that more serious controls take place within Member States .
Would the Commission therefore give serious consideration to any such programme were this to be brought forward from the UK for Scotland and Northern Ireland ?
Honourable Members , thank you for giving me the opportunity to address Parliament shortly before our yearly EU-US summit , which will take place in Washington on 20 June .
With regard to football agents , the Commission &apos; s departments are still working on a process based on the rules of competition and the discussions that have taken place have led <unk> to change the ways in which the profession is organised .
Unfortunately , even if all these extensive <unk> and the construction of an effective and secure shelter for <unk> 4 can be completed quickly , there will be no guarantees and , in my view , no question but the whole project will still be environmentally unsafe because the technology to render the dismantled <unk> safe , on the one hand , and to eliminate the radioactive waste , on the other , does not yet exist .
More of the EU ’ s research money needs , then , to be spent on sources of renewable energy , and less on research into nuclear power , and the current <unk> Treaty , which has been outdated for a number of years , needs to be <unk> .
Secondly , prohibition does not stop consumption .
These proposals will put a lucrative <unk> <unk> up to Galileo in every <unk> ’ s <unk> .
To conclude I would like to recall the philosophy of Philoxenia , which means hospitality and respect for foreigners .
There is much we can support , but I have outlined those areas which we cannot support .
The Council agrees with this view and we really do believe that it is important for Parliament to decide to <unk> this amendment .
<unk> policy : I agree with the rapporteur that , as things stand , the <unk> solution here in Strasbourg is to pay off the outstanding amounts as quickly as possible .
I hope that we Members of Parliament , the Commission and the Council will rise to the occasion and succeed in offering European citizens and those who legally wish to live in our territory precisely what we set forth in the recent Charter of Fundamental Rights .
We have become accustomed to a European Union that has been developing <unk> , and maybe this is the reason why Mr <unk> was not very inclined to agree with the new process .
Two powerful factors are at play today to help the market overcome those <unk> and this will be increasingly the case .
These are some of the extra <unk> of information I am sure we would find useful if the Commission can step up the considerable statistical work it already does .
I would ask the rapporteur to clarify this , as I will not , otherwise , be able to vote in favour of the report .
These , in short , are the two main reasons that have led me not to deliver a final vote in favour of this report .
To sum up then , it is for us to decide whether to opt for the precautionary principle and a high degree of protection , or whether we intend to hide behind scientific reports , which can , however , never relieve us of the responsibility of taking the necessary political decisions .
Those experts hit upon a formula that was perfectly valid when they sought to settle matters with the European Monetary Institute .
They did not , therefore , vote for the places to which they had been expelled , but for their places of origin .
To this end , we need to establish suitable structures , which could be both political and economic .
Mr President , I wish of course to thank everyone for all the work that has been done .
I understand why you are asking these questions Mr <unk> , because you are yourself a highly regarded professional in the media industry , and you know what works and what does not work .
I would not go so far as to compare Ukraine ’ s election law with the law of our countries , as different countries have different election laws , but the important thing is that the elections in Ukraine were indeed fair and democratic and I think that is very important .
Firstly , it is time to improve citizens &apos; and the national parliaments &apos; insight and control of the Council &apos; s work and to make the Council &apos; s meetings open when the Council acts as legislator .
The Council considers that the full potential of the partnership and cooperation agreement should be implemented as a priority before considering new initiatives or agreements between the Community and Georgia .
Commissioner , I feel that employing this sort of courage is the <unk> and most effective , but also the only way of achieving the ambitious objective we have set ourselves of reducing the number of victims claimed by the roads of the European Union by 40 % over the next few years .
The position defended by the United Kingdom is more lax and less demanding of respect for human rights , and also has no real foundation - and I repeat this because the information is conflicting .
I realise that my report is far from perfect and that numerous other changes could have been included ; however , I fear that Parliament finds the word discipline somewhat <unk> .
I should like to hear him say that .
Its <unk> <unk> , which have been its <unk> for decades , about how <unk> farmers have now virtually made the public deaf to farmers ’ legitimate demands and needs .
The Commission would like to state that the wide-ranging discussions of recent years are now producing results , as the general importance of the radio spectrum and the need for efficient decision making are starting to be recognised .
Frankly that is too few , because the agreement we have and the relations between the judicial authorities of the various countries , to achieve appreciable results against international crime , cannot now be radically removed from relations between <unk> in the same country .
With human rights there is always the question of weighing up different values against one another : &apos; horizontal tensions &apos; exist between the various human rights .
There are rules .
European citizens should not simply regard the new farm bill as an instrument that will <unk> trade , since its objectives , scope and length also acknowledge each country &apos;s right to support its agricultural industry , given the practical challenges , such as social , territorial and environmental balance , which cannot be left to the mercy of free trade mechanisms alone .
The capital expenditure will get rid of infrastructural bottlenecks ; the case is at best a grey case .
These amendments , aimed as they are at tackling a crucial aspect in regard to the sustainability of the projects and programmes , will substantially improve the final draft of the regulation .
Only with responsible politicians and active government , innovative fishermen and involved consumers can both the fishing industry and the fish look forward to a sustainable future .
We have to bear in mind the following , and Mr Kinnock , the Commissioner responsible , confirmed this yesterday after the debate on modern <unk> : This would greatly facilitate a timely agreement on second reading .
These proposals , which are currently being examined by the Council , will also allow for faster <unk> of EDF funds .
But where will you place the emphasis ?
They are given too much free <unk> at present .
Certainly , a reasonable level of regulation is necessary but this must be directed towards encouraging rather than discouraging advances .
That of course is our real problem .
Hence our amendments , Mr President : first we ask for common armaments policy and a common European defence identity to be treated as one issue .
To mention just a few examples , just think of the European Research Area , the emphasis placed on innovation in enterprises and on the information society , the new lifelong learning programmes in education and training , and the <unk> of our universities to the world .
I call on the Council and the Commission to pursue the dialogue on human rights in all their contacts with Iran and to be clear that without the European Parliament there will be no agreement on cooperation and trade .
We hope that this group , which has already started work , will take the time to work out a definitive proposal .
However , I have to say , Mr Commissioner , that the answers I have received have not been entirely convincing , with regard to the refusal to set up an evaluation structure , and I must say I regret it .
Just as the public arena should not be a male monopoly , the private sphere should no longer be the exclusive domain of women .
I also rely not only on the cooperation of the Members of the European Parliament , but also on the cooperation of non-governmental organisations , which have always made an important contribution to the anti-discrimination policy of the Commission .
In this context , I believe we would be justified in mobilising the EU Solidarity Fund , which has not yet been done .
In accordance with Article 100 A ( 4 ) of the Treaty , each Member State should have the option of creating whatever environmental legislation it may deem necessary with regard to sustainability , health and welfare , and in the future , environmental policy will increasingly be based on Article 130 , <unk> that Member States may build on EU minimum requirements .
I would like at this point to expressly highlight the positive role played by the Commission , which managed to bring the two sides together repeatedly and in the end achieve a result in this difficult moderation process .
Firstly , the problem of inadequate access for South Africa &apos;s agricultural products to our market , while at the same time heavily <unk> farm products from the Union <unk> <unk> on the South African market .
I do feel that here , we have respected the spirit of the Treaties , as should be the case .
As a whole we think that the report is a good one but we would still like to comment on a few points .
In certain areas , the production of starch <unk> is a vital concern .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , there is no doubt that the liberalisation of road transport has brought us in Europe greater choice and better prices .
Moreover , Community grants for quality programmes can be funded from the support programmes for rural areas .
The Council calls on all those involved to exercise restraint and to avoid any action liable to hinder or complicate the talks to be held later this year under the auspices of the international community .
The single market is prey to tensions and repercussions .
I know that even some of your colleagues are keen - and I shall say it slowly in good <unk> - to get their own back on the Commission , because it <unk> so much !
And too little attention is paid to additional standards which cannot be <unk> from <unk> growth &apos; , namely environmental standards , social , international standards , bans on child labour , forced labour , equality of the sexes , freedom of expression .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 1999 ) by Mr <unk> <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council regulation on the distribution of permits for heavy goods vehicles travelling in Switzerland ( COM ( 1999 ) 35 - <unk> / 1999 - 1999 / <unk> ) .
The Australian government was perfectly entitled to exercise its sovereign right under the law of the sea to secure its borders by refusing the ship access to Australian waters .
This would resolve neither the social nor the democratic conflicts in those countries .
Is there to be more focus upon <unk> policy areas ?
I agree with the Commission that , at an initial phase , linguistic proficiency should be tested in the five most widely taught languages in the European Union .
Currently though , we have individual state provisions on television programmes in sign language .
The figures which a number of people have quoted , tell their own story .
I would remind you that this adoption is extremely urgent , in view of the Court of Justice &apos;s decision regarding passenger name records .
We will be voting against this opinion , because it can be summed up as <unk> me what you are missing , and I will tell you how to do without it &apos; .
I am convinced that these two reports together provide a sound basis for positive developments in Europe in the fields of health and the environment .
I said then , and I say again now , that as far as the Council is concerned hell will freeze over before it agrees to a new flexibility instrument .
I hope we all bear that point in mind .
Once we know more by way of results from the study in question , we shall brief you in greater detail .
The Commission also provided humanitarian aid throughout the conflict .
We are sure that Parliament will adopt this extremely well-balanced report by a very large majority , for no one could tolerate the current violence perpetrated against women who are abducted or forced by deception and threats to enter the European Union , where they are compelled to live a life of forced prostitution or do some other sort of job under coercion .
Now , the issue relates to the self-determination of a nation and the implementation of United Nations resolutions .
<unk> treatment for <unk> has been a distorting factor .
What we are voting upon today is not a report but an act of faith , and an act of bad faith at that .
It is for this reason that I considered it extremely necessary that this Parliament is included in supervising arms exports , over and above the transparency which is desirable .
This scenario <unk> the importance of today &apos;s report on the proposed European Union systems for observing and recording CO2 and other greenhouse gases .
It is true that it would be <unk> to review the Question Time procedures from time to time .
In Amendment No 6 I propose that the Nordic <unk> <unk> project be included as soon as possible on the list of Europe-wide projects in the common interest .
That was one thing when there were six Member States with <unk> boundaries and railway systems <unk> them .
The Stability Pact is being applied to an area which continues to be politically fragile and unstable .
The rapporteur has <unk> accepted five of them .
Why do we all go on about the environment and are then not prepared to pay for it amongst all of us , but rather expect the usual people , the ones who live there all year , to pay for it and maintain it ?
It still exists as a <unk> system in India and neighbouring countries .
How can we combat trafficking if there is no cooperation between Member States ?
In fact , the Commission puts individual <unk> , SMEs and large companies all in the same basket , whilst it is clear that the financial repercussions and the difficulties of implementing the Euro with regard to clients , in terms of conversion , <unk> up or down and information will not be felt in the same way by such different structures , even though they are all part of the trade sector .
This proposal was intended to include the Member States in the objectives of the directive on packaging .
I also realise that there are powerful arguments against starting the entire procedure all over again , and that leads me to share the view of all those who believe that once this pause for reflection has come to an end , it would be useful to <unk> in a mature manner and with fresh energy on the objectives of the Constitutional Treaty , which will also contribute to strengthening the EU ’ s democratic parliamentarian system .
Whilst we fully support the aims of the Rapporteur in ensuring a reduction in road traffic accidents , we nevertheless feel the best way to achieve this is through an exchange of best practice between Member States rather than legislation at a European level .
Thank you , Mr Nassauer .
I have been saying for some time that we will not achieve a peaceful settlement in Kosovo without the threat of military attack .
We are aware that Russia ’ s membership of the World Trade Organization is an important , essential condition for a genuine common economic space .
I particularly welcome Commissioner Verheugen &apos;s emphasis on innovation and funding , because efforts to give young Europeans better training , to improve training and skills among workers and employers , to increase the number of women at work with equal professional opportunities while maintaining a commitment to family life : all of these activities we are advocating today as MEPs will not be enough if we are unable to promote the public and private investment required to establish infrastructures in Europe that underpin economic development , and to make free circulation of goods , services and people a reality throughout the European Union .
When the Commissioner does that , would he also again talk to Commissioner <unk> <unk> about allowing countries in Europe to have <unk> status ?
The limitation is neither legally nor geographically defined .
Women , men , young people , both boys and girls , and children , some of whom have arrived dead , discovered <unk> on the <unk> and <unk> of the tragic border between Africa and Europe .
At present the two systems deemed to be <unk> , <unk> and <unk> , have a market share of no more than 12 % of the <unk> which are subject to the deposit .
However , I must tell you , quite openly and frankly , that the European Union &apos;s options are sometimes very limited and that we do not always achieve the level of success we would hope for – and this is , admittedly , sometimes very frustrating .
The European Parliament &apos;s Committee on Legal Affairs points out - and I shall end here , Mr President - in its conclusions 5 and 6 that the arrangements in article <unk> are likely to pose problems , and that there is still no <unk> Community case law in the area of international agreements of a mixed nature .
It is for that reason that we have before us a directive that makes a priority of caring for the environment and preventing damage to it .
I myself concur fully with the views expressed by President Barroso at the start of the debate , and in particular with his comments on the reasons why no compromise was reached on the Financial Perspective .
It could refer to many other things , and I believe that we would also come to the same conclusion : that the majority of the Member States are blatantly <unk> these as well as other directives .
At the last discussion in the Council , which was not conclusive , as you know , because the opinion of Parliament was not yet on the table , we ultimately came to <unk> on the question of whether we could issue operating licences to certification services without becoming involved in technical details which would more or less dictate a particular technological solution .
All this is in the face of a massive offensive by organised crime and the <unk> traffic , like money laundering and tax evasion .
If regional planning comes to an end at the end of 2006 , there will then be funds committed for only another year .
( Applause ) I am quite aware that the situation is extremely serious and that this might seem an insignificant incident , but I feel that such treatment of a woman who , in addition to being courageous , is a Member of our Parliament , must be condemned .
Therefore , if you allow and if you are in agreement - otherwise we shall not do so - I propose that we proceed by electronic secret ballot .
We cannot hide behind a technical question that there are agreements which are not incorporated in the regulations .
It assisted and vigorously supported the request from the temporary committee to obtain the Eurocontrol data , which , as emerges from the report , have provided some of the most important evidence for identifying certain facts .
The material damage must be paid for in full by the <unk> <unk> and above all , this must never happen again , in Toulouse or anywhere else in France , or Europe .
I hope it will go further and accept our call for a comprehensive directive on workplace <unk> .
The military tribunal reached its verdict on 1 June .
It is also a concern that I share .
The truth is that we are facing an economic <unk> , an <unk> of the living for profit and productivity .
You had to lead the difficult negotiations for enlargement of the EU , this great reunification of the European family .
<unk> training also allows even small and medium-sized firms and <unk> to keep up with the growth process in the sector , driving forward the creation of SMEs linked together in cross-border commerce , in line with the principle of economic and social cohesion which the Commission must support with concrete measures through the structural funds and innovative projects .
They merely update the text of this amendment , so I do not think we need to have much discussion on them .
A number of problems from previous years still <unk> us and these have already been discussed in previous years by Parliament &apos;s rapporteurs .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 2003 ) by Mrs Van <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy on a thematic strategy on the sustainable use of pesticides ( 2002 / <unk> ( INI ) ) .
Unfortunately , however , we have still not managed to eradicate the disease , nor have we managed to identify all the causes for it , hence all the concerns , restrictions and irregularities in the production and marketing of products of animal origin .
The European Union was brought together , unlike most nation states , in peace and to do many <unk> and practical things .
<unk> , Mr de <unk> has a very obvious <unk> : he is called <unk> .
It means encouraging them to become more tolerant and , as a result , we can hope that the Turkish population in general will become aware of the fact that democratisation is vital and necessary .
We failed to get the British presidency to take the needs of individual citizens seriously .
It has also finally been decided how much by way of funds will be allocated to the new States in the years from 2004 to 2006 ; these will amount to EUR 10 billion for agricultural policy and EUR 21 billion for structural aid .
( SV ) <unk> is the largest single cause of diseases and fatalities that can be prevented .
We have absolutely no desire to defend specific interests ; we simply want a <unk> production system which does not involve going outside the market with measures of this kind .
Mr President , after pointing out an error in the agenda one day , Mrs <unk> Pack was referred to as the <unk> Pact rapporteur &apos; , for we all acknowledge her competence in this matter of the Balkan regions and the Stability Pact .
As a member of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , I raised these issues both as rapporteur on pensions and as rapporteur on demographic developments .
We also have to make solidarity payments to the applicant countries .
Our major concern – of which textiles might be described as merely a ‘ <unk> ’ – is the unfair competition that , for various reasons , exists in China .
Subject : <unk> of opposition politician <unk> <unk> in China Is the Commission aware of the recent trial involving <unk> <unk> in China and the severe prison sentence that was imposed .
Mr President , I , like other colleagues , welcome this debate , because it makes sense to have a debate on the legislative programme before we take decisions on the 2004 budget .
For the same reason , there should be no renationalisation of agriculture .
It is appropriate to emphasise the great importance of human resources .
Unfortunately , this has not happened and that is why I am producing a report on lorry drivers &apos; hours because the Commission was forced to resort to the legislative route .
European children and young people must return to the idea that sport is a healthy , <unk> and <unk> activity , in which the important thing is to participate .
I thought you had left , because you were in <unk> when you spoke !
Given the scale of the challenge , I am sure that this is an issue which will confront us increasingly over the coming years .
Your election last summer as President of the European Parliament came as the <unk> honour of a great European career : fifteen years as an elected Member have earned you the respect of your colleagues and of all those who fight in the cause of Europe .
The way in which he is now tackling it <unk> all belief and is bringing his country to the brink of collapse .
This means that BSE and dioxin scandals and the like do not just harm consumers and farmers , who are often able to do little about it , but , without a doubt , they harm all the workers employed in the industry too .
Additional support measures to balance this are clearly necessary .
The proposed directive establishes <unk> rules ( capital adequacy requirements and supplementary supervision ) with regard to financial <unk> .
So that is the situation .
That is especially important in the fight against terrorism .
I do n &apos;t believe in subsidies .
It is nothing personal .
However , in spite of the reservations I am expressing on the paucity of the financial allocation , I personally support the compromise , by virtue of the programme &apos; s content , to which the European Parliament made an active contribution as , following the entry into force of the Amsterdam Treaty , this sector become subject to codecision .
If you just listen you might not talk so much <unk> .
The European Parliament &apos;s delegation wanted to see this recommendation on environmental inspection cast in the form of a directive .
I set out my own philosophy in my recent speeches at <unk> and at the OECD in Paris , where all those national authorities from around the world that are active in the competition field were gathered .
That is <unk> , it is clear , and we are working on it .
Anyway , I repeat what I have already said : Parliament cannot waste time debating an issue without a representative from the Turkish Government providing answers to our questions .
The conservative lobby in this House , however , has put a <unk> in the works .
It is not what the honourable Member heard and I am sorry that either through her conviction or as a result of a problem of interpretation she thought she heard what she did not hear and what was not said .
In order to contribute to stability in the country , we must , as has been stated , secure a visible peace dividend for the Afghan population .
Parliament asks the same of the Council and the Commission .
I am convinced that medium-sized companies and the craft industry will face huge problems and enormous challenges when it comes to the free movement of services , because there is a huge wage <unk> of 1 : 10 at present .
I should also mention an interest of my own since I am a <unk> of the University on unpaid leave of absence from that institution which is also involved .
I believe that your parliamentary group would do better to raise this question in the Spanish Parliament .
The game which the Commission , and especially Mr <unk> , as head of DG <unk> played with the Council and Parliament over the last weeks is not right .
The natural resources of the Western Sahara stand in need of special protection by reason of the <unk> situation which has characterised that territory for more than 25 years .
The fault in the system does not end there but also crops up in Agenda 2000 negotiations .
It is good to see you , Sir .
We need time .
Again , I wish to thank my fellow Member , Mr Tannock , for a very constructive report .
We need clear rules of engagement .
I have no problem at all with providing them with government jobs .
Let us quickly consider these three points .
Afghanistan faces a new future .
These pose very real obstacles to freedom of movement .
I should also like to answer a couple of the central questions put to me .
The motion for a resolution mentions the need to better coordinate assistance .
There is no clarity on this yet .
When it comes to decisions taken by the Council of Ministers , it will not have escaped the attentive <unk> that , although the double majority rule has been extended , the unanimity rule has been maintained for a number of crucial decisions , including those relating to the social sphere and to taxation .
There are obvious priorities .
We know that during the last 15 years an increasing number of organic farms have been created in Europe .
Indeed , expansion , globalisation , a sharp increase in the ageing population , <unk> and changes in family situations render such reorganisation inevitable .
We believe that an immediate and full withdrawal must be guaranteed , in an attempt to avoid any confrontation ; not only Milosevic but the <unk> too is responsible here .
I think it is wrong to suppose that consumers have the opportunity or time to examine advertising material very carefully .
New members will not be able to be fully integrated into the Schengen system until the border system fully meets Schengen standards .
In its White Paper on Services of General <unk> , adopted in May 2004 , the Commission announced that it would adopt a text on this issue in 2005 .
In Lampedusa , as another Member has said , they are continuing , even now , to take stock of how many victims have been claimed by the latest boat to <unk> or by what was , at all events , a genuine tragedy .
The UN system has its <unk> , but we have no other such system on a global basis .
<unk> on a scoreboard of objective indicators for privatisation , this debate must bring together the different attitudes to the principles of competition , freedom of establishment and free movement of capital .
We have this tradition of regulation by professional bodies , not with the kind of legal base that is common in other states of the Union .
Let us be clear , as regards Croatia , that we expect General <unk> to hand himself over or be turned over to The Hague to answer the case against him .
One thing stands , however .
Mr President , on a point of order , Northern Ireland has been referred to a number of times in this debate and the notion of unconditional dialogue with terror has been suggested as the basis of the Irish peace process .
In assessing this improper conduct , I would refer - on behalf of Austria , among others - to the decision taken by the conference of the heads of provincial governments on 17 May 2000 , whereby all the new Austrian heads of the provincial governments rejected the draft directive in this form , unanimously and in fact right across the political divide .
Commissioner , the purpose behind this oral question today is to give you the opportunity to share some thoughts with us before making your proposal to the Council and Parliament on how research is to be funded .
This is a debate about how to further an <unk> United States of Europe .
Monnet spoke , for example , of a small , practical Commission and not of an uncontrolled democratic <unk> with fraud and <unk> amounting to perhaps <unk> 60 billion per year .
.
– An attempt is being made with the <unk> railway package &apos; to deal a final blow to rail transport in order to increase the profits of big business .
Mr President , let me say that we will not withdraw the request for a secret vote for the simple reason that in the past Members have found it difficult on this particular issue to vote according to their conscience and we want everyone to be able to vote according to their conscience on this issue .
The debate is closed .
On the other hand , we must be careful not to weaken our joint position by discussing the possibility of an even more ambitious negotiating position .
It has totally <unk> the prices and on four occasions since 1989 we have tried the minimum import price response and it has not worked .
While stressing both energy efficiency and renewable energy sources , personally I share the view that we ought to provide more support for renewable energy sources , as stressed by Mrs <unk> van Gorsel and Mrs Breyer .
The Presidency deserves our congratulations for securing a decent compromise on the Stability and Growth Pact and relaunching the Lisbon Strategy .
Because we have reached this point together after a <unk> joint effort - one that has taken several years .
I have always found there was a contradiction there and I have made that point on more than one occasion .
Current Turkish legislation too is very <unk> .
At the same time , many also have a strong desire to see their countries become members of the European Union .
Parliament &apos;s Committee on Budgets is proposing to <unk> the States some EUR <unk> billion ; the remaining EUR <unk> billion will thus cover the various costs incurred during the current year .
Mr President , now that consumers will soon be carrying euros around in their pockets , we would benefit from a smooth transition .
Iran has borne a major burden , Jordan has large numbers , Syria enormous numbers too and Turkey also , not to mention other countries in the region .
We have before us today the Commission &apos;s report on the application of the directive for the period 1997 to 2000 .
Social dialogue is therefore needed with the agencies involved , which will thus be in a position to act as joint legislators .
1 – The ‘ specific nature of natural disasters occurring in the Mediterranean ’ ; The Commission has done well to come forward with this programme .
The interim agreement therefore marks an important stage in the development of our cooperation with the <unk> republics , and we also see it as an incentive for a speedy resolution of the <unk> conflict .
It has been seen that the participation of women in the resolution of conflicts and in the organisation of refugee camps can be extremely positive .
Mr President , Parliament today will vote on its fifth resolution on Zimbabwe in the last 18 months .
.
Of course we do not want a Europe of varying speeds , nor <unk> groups .
It is evidently the case that both our citizens and everybody here believe that public health must be the prime consideration .
Mrs Oomen-Ruijten was the rapporteur at the time .
It is , therefore , inevitable that , while respecting fundamental rights , we should take measures to <unk> the nationals of third states whose papers are not in order .
The Council has shown itself to be completely unwilling to take on board the concerns which Parliament expressed during the <unk> debate last year .
However , perhaps most worrying - more worrying even than all of this - is the fact that the internal audit service appears to be subject to huge pressure and even intimidation , designed to discourage them from pursuing their activities in a free and impartial manner .
The G7 , therefore , quite rightly declared its determination to prepare and implement , together with all the states , every possible measure to strengthen the international community &apos;s capacity to defeat terrorism .
We are currently examining whether or not this will be necessary .
The Commission ’ s task is not easy .
I drew the attention of the European Commission to this issue in July 1999 , and received a positive response .
The French chemicals firm <unk> , manufacturers of <unk> <unk> compound , stated before the accident that the <unk> content of the ceiling compound was 1.5 % ; it has since proved to be much higher .
It is a sentiment that is strongly held within the Commission and one that is held way beyond the Commission .
It has more influence on the world stage in such fora as the WTO , the G8 and the United Nations .
This did not stop me from voting in favour of the measures that have been proposed .
The entry into force of the Ottawa Convention a year ago provided us with a forceful new instrument and a set of ambitious targets for the years to come .
The joint resolution <unk> the theory , which is contradicted by the facts , that the process of opening up market services is beneficial to everyone and states in recitals A and C that its objective is to convince poor nations that the success of the WTO is essential for the economy of every country , rich or poor .
One simple phrase must be applied here : the function creates the body .
Mr Bösch has tabled a number of amendments from the point of view of a critical friend , regarding OLAF , the <unk> Office .
And I am surprised that the rapporteur , coming as she does from the <unk> of England , believes that Amendment No 11 which reduces the time allowed to Member States to postpone attainment of targets from four to two years and Amendment No 17 which reduces the compliance timetable by three years from eight years to five are practically achievable .
I would particularly like to comment on the IGC , the charter and the <unk> .
This is about <unk> information and not in any way about investment control by <unk> .
Furthermore , given the severe consequences of such maritime accidents , what is the Commission &apos;s view of the submission that I made to the Convention on the Future of Europe in June 2002 ( reference <unk> 150 / 02 ) , calling for the creation of an EU <unk> ?
As regards the Lisbon Agenda , we have no time to lose and we now need to get results .
As you all know , Lomé is one of the major foreign policy instruments of the European Union .
I think it is extremely useful to open up the communication channels with the citizen at an early stage .
This is a great innovation .
The Commission &apos;s plan of action contains sound measures , such as the promotion of cooperation and partnership at all levels and the development of a mainstreaming approach .
I therefore do not understand what that point is and , despite your invitation , I would be grateful if you could clarify it .
What is going to happen about quotas in the milk sector ?
The aim of the proposal was to reform the basic regulation on the Centre in order to take into account the evolution in the patterns of drug use , the way in which the Centre currently operates , the effects of enlargement and the horizontal measures that the Commission would like to see applied to agencies in general .
Question No 3 by <unk> Alavanos ( <unk> / 98 ) We are beginning to see now an increase in aircraft registered outside the EU similar to the maritime sector &apos; s flag of convenience .
My judgement is broadly positive , because these months have been marked by a wealth of useful initiatives for the European Union , many of which were mentioned just now by Minister Dini .
It won the argument at that time .
I cannot contradict the rapporteur when she speaks of a lack of political will in Flanders .
As far as energy mergers are concerned , their possible impact on the level of competition has to be evaluated on the merits of each case .
( EL ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the idea of using the radio spectrum to transmit signals <unk> telecommunications and new applications for the radio spectrum have been developed continuously ever since .
More basic changes are needed when it comes to the rules governing the registers .
The Commissioner has mentioned several problems relating to the elections .
Our proposal for a directive builds on these achievements .
If our aim is to strengthen the production of <unk> and <unk> , we should exclude <unk> programmes and vote for Amendment No 55 .
Technology and changing markets will drive change , in any event .
<unk> / 98 by Mrs Pollack , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , on strengthening EU urban environment policy ; <unk> / 98 by Mrs Napoletano , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , on the Commission communication &quot; <unk> an urban agenda in the European Union &apos; ( COM ( 97 ) <unk> - <unk> / 97 ) <unk> of the opinions : ( ) Mrs <unk> Tous , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs ; Mrs Pollack , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection ; Mrs Terrón i Cusí , on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs ( Hughes Procedure ) ; <unk> / 98 by Mr Novo <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , on regional planning and the European Spatial Development Perspective ( ESDP ) .
This statement explains how the Commission <unk> the word &quot; substantial &quot; in Article 8 ( 1 ) .
I do hope that the rapporteurs will still adopt these amendments .
The action taken by the public authorities to alleviate this <unk> in investment has not been sufficiently effective .
With the benefit of <unk> , however , I believe that it is clear that the Commission &apos;s approach should not be <unk> in the management of this issue .
Without these , there is the risk that the attacks will give rise to <unk> which could <unk> many people &apos;s minds .
I would like to say quite simply , echoing Mr Vatanen ’ s report , that the three institutions of the Union now seem to be <unk> towards the same objective : namely the desire to make progress down this path .
But that being the case , a few warnings are in order for the relevant sectors .
There are fears that this could create tensions , and I wish to ask whether it might not be possible to involve the newly emerging parties in Indonesia in the democracy programmes on a partnership basis .
Nonetheless , what you are doing is illegal !
Anyone who rejects enlargement in order to <unk> reform will prevent enlargement and then get no reform either .
I would add that , if these <unk> monsters targeted the United States yesterday , they will be able , tomorrow , to bring terror and death to any region of the world , including , of course , the European continent .
The debate is closed .
Firstly , legality .
But unfortunately it took quite considerable time for anything to be done on that .
We will eventually pay the price .
Ultimately that should mean a system where we appoint proper , qualified auditors to the Court .
I have one comment and one question .
It also has a track record , no doubt <unk> by its desperate <unk> poverty , of exporting arms , including weapons of mass destruction , to any willing <unk> irrespective of the danger posed to world security .
– Mr President , the prices faced by car drivers and the car industry due to levies imposed on car ownership and use are an inevitable fact of everyday life .
This is reflected in both the Maastricht Treaty and , to an even greater extent , in the new Amsterdam Treaty .
We all wish to see stricter standards applied in this sector , along with a series of coherent criteria , to ensure that only reputable transport operators remain in the market , providing a high quality service in the interests of their clients and of society as a whole .
What the <unk> have to recognise is that it is not just the United States that is concerned about this issue : we are also passionately concerned about it .
Also , as the chairman of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens &apos; Rights has already said , there is a focus on ensuring that communication with the citizen is <unk> , in view of the few resources we have .
The prospect of being ordered to make very expensive <unk> is clearly an effective deterrent to the use of dangerous vessels .
Mr President , you know as well as I that the roads of Spain are blocked , and the Commission cannot ignore this problem , because this sector is paying for the consequences of a violation of the principle of Community preference and a dreadful marketing policy .
There has been almost a complete breakdown in the implementation of the roadmap for peace in the region .
You said so yourself , Commissioner .
I believe - and in the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy we believe this - that the current wording expressed firm support for the creation of the bank .
This will guarantee that European tourism <unk> on target and <unk> for the future needs of Europe &apos;s <unk> .
For this reason and for the reasons I have already referred to , I propose to abstain on the final vote on this report while at the same time , firmly recording my support for the Amsterdam Treaty .
This decision will enter into force on 1 May 2001 .
The subject of sport has been raised here .
It is therefore wrong to focus on quantitative criteria , as proposed by the Commission in its strategy paper .
<unk> disarmament should be the <unk> goal of any policy on security .
I would really have been <unk> and , I think it would have been neither democratic nor worthy of a parliament to silence the voices of its representatives just because - and I would have been particularly upset not to be able to do this any more - every time they give an explanation of vote they raise the problems faced by pensioners , which is what I do and , above all , because they express themselves in a way that they consider appropriate , which might include <unk> , <unk> and the possibility of <unk> every once in a while , albeit in a serious atmosphere and whilst saying serious things .
1 .
<unk> <unk> and condemns the destructive <unk> of Belgrade Television ( 22 April 1999 ) <unk> .
<unk> its shock and <unk> at the heavy human casualties ( ten dead and dozens wounded ) among the workers in the <unk> <unk>
<unk> this as a barbaric attack against fundamental human rights , freedom of speech and expression , and freedom of the <unk>
<unk> that , in this light , any appeal to <unk> &apos; or <unk> &apos; expediency is <unk>
<unk> on the President to forward this resolution to the Council , the governments of the Member States , the Yugoslavian Government , the International <unk> &apos; Union and NATO .
- Resolution on the European Council meeting in Cologne With this text , which <unk> the other three proposals , on family reunification , economic immigration , and the status of long-term residents , the Commission brings to a close the legislative work aimed at laying the foundations of a joint legal immigration policy , since we have decided not to table a proposal designed to cover all individuals not included under the previous proposals .
Thank you , Mrs Bjerregaard .
The Presidency is asking the legal departments of the Commission and the Council to report on the legal aspects of the issue in a Working Group this week .
It must always seek to ensure that its rules are given correct and effective application .
There is always a promoter on hand to slip a <unk> <unk> to a member of the government or a member of their family , then , once the tropical wood has been exploited , the land is turned into <unk> .
We hope that in return Russia will be able to respond to our proposals , notably concerning double energy pricing , and the adoption of a conciliation system under the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement to help ensure trade disputes are tackled in an objective , efficient and <unk> manner .
To my mind , an approach which involves this degree of harmonization is the wrong one .
I promise you – and this is something I say frequently – that in future I will say : it is , in part , a crisis of the European Heads of State or Government <unk> Mr Juncker and Mr Verhofstadt .
Mr <unk> , product <unk> is part of the basic set of common requirements , which means that the rules governing product <unk> , including those relating to young people , apply to both <unk> and <unk> programming .
The three institutions have worked well , in a way that the European citizens would want <unk> constituted institutions to work .
In particular , it would severely damage the image of this Parliament which once again would show itself incapable of deciding .
I disagree with Mr Crowley &apos;s defence of the principle of subsidiarity .
My third point is the issue that was raised by Mr Brinkhorst and Mr Wiebenga , fellow countrymen and <unk> .
It would be a very bad thing if you <unk> , as Mr Bowis pointed out , to the point that you get rid of essential <unk> .
Similarly , I should like at this point to refer to the discussions and concerns of Members of the European Parliament about the required flexibility which small businesses need to have in comparison with large businesses , and to say that provision really is being made here for flexibility in relation to traditional methods of food production , businesses in remote areas and the need for structural changes within the businesses .
We had another event on 21 July , which fortunately was unsuccessful .
But we are anxious for this to take place in a way which respects human dignity .
That is why we will be supporting the proposal to reject the directive .
What is essential for the European Union is that we should make every effort to ensure that within a democratic framework Uzbekistan can arrive at stability and introduce reforms , which would lead to a simplification of the internal political dialogue and then take the country to a higher level of democracy and economic progress .
It is quite clear that pulling out from Terni would push prices up further and would leave Italy ’ s <unk> industry in serious difficulties , as it accounts for 40 % of European consumption .
In future all dossiers in this area will be treated on the basis of <unk> with Parliament , including the revision of the present directive .
You may be surprised that I am able to give such a clear answer .
Therefore , priority may change over the years and be different for different Member States .
As regards the other third countries with which the Commission has received a mandate from the Council to negotiate readmission agreements – Algeria , China , Morocco , Pakistan , Russia , Turkey and Ukraine – negotiations are still in progress .
Wars have been – and still are – critical periods in the life of society ; they upset all the normal benchmarks , but they involve precise military positions , <unk> <unk> , a visible enemy and rules of engagement .
In that regard , I would recall the joint action concerning the contribution which the EU could make to the efforts which the United Nations has made to resolve the crisis in the region and the Council decision requesting the <unk> to elaborate and implement aspects of that joint action .
Unfortunately the reason for this is rarely discussed .
I come now to the last major Community policy area funded from the budget , namely external measures .
The Irish presidency has tabled a paper on this question which envisages the possibility of a general provision on non-discrimination as well as a suitable legal basis to adopt legislative measures to prevent such discrimination .
I believe the proposal to create a food security box is interesting , since it would be very useful also for the European Union for strategic and food security reasons .
If I do please forgive me for that .
There is a wide range of considerations to be taken into account .
Thank you very much , Commissioner Wallström .
What has been impossible for years - the same salary for all MEPs irrespective of nationality , plus a rigorous system for <unk> expenses which is proof against abuse - looks like happening at last after 20 years .
That concludes Question Time .
Naturally , we would very much have liked the Commission to have proposed a Stability Pact on climate change too , an <unk> plan , with clear figures and sanctions .
We must show that we do not accept <unk> attitudes or social dumping as a means of competition .
It is in fact essential that the Member States put themselves in a position to avoid unfair fiscal competition and to adjust the tax system in favour of business by <unk> the burden on employment .
This clause is one of the few instruments that the Union possesses to enforce the protection of human rights .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Cassidy &apos;s report - for which the Liberal Group will be voting - is based on the Commission &apos;s 1996 Annual Economic Report and serves to remind us that the European economy has overcome the crisis from which it was suffering until well into 1994 , and that we now find ourselves in a framework of price stability , falling interest rates , financial stability and improving international trade .
We should also recognize clearly that the decline in recent years in the sale of <unk> and <unk> is part of a pattern of changed practices on the part of consumers .
It is self-evident that liberalisation is not an end in itself , but only a means towards improving services .
Where we have intervened in crises , we have not intervened either to create a crisis or to resolve it , we have intervened merely in order to manage it .
When it refused the Dutch vessel entry into its territorial waters , the Portuguese Government breached not only international law , but also Community law and the Convention on the Law of the Sea .
I would like to thank you for that assurance , but we will be watching to make sure that this actually happens .
The number and substance of proposals submitted is so considerable that it has already given rise to two movements which will , I hope , have major repercussions in the future .
As the European Ombudsman works from Strasbourg , the official seat of this body , we could well envisage holding meetings of our Committee in Strasbourg in order , firstly , to shorten the delays gradually and , secondly , to mark symbolically the close cooperation between the European Parliament and the Ombudsman in Strasbourg , their common seat .
I fully respect the fact that we need a transition period .
<unk> gender issues in development cooperation This was not achieved by liberalising , but by modernising , by offering a better service , better facilities and by adopting an innovative price policy .
On the contrary , I think that the situation shows in <unk> the relevance of the proposal my group made to restore a specific budget line for natural disasters in the Union .
The situation in 1999 was different .
I am sure that our rapporteurs , and also the Committee on Foreign Affairs , will , acting on this plenary ’ s behalf and in partnership with the Commission , apply the most exact judgment in determining whether the conditions are right for accession to take place on 1 January 2007 .
I shall concentrate on that .
All around that <unk> ground there are <unk> for South African fruit companies and for South African airlines .
The Commission supports the initiative aimed at calling upon the Egyptian authorities to release all of the asylum seekers still behind bars .
It is not good , I am not saying it is fatal , but it is a fact nonetheless .
The points I have just highlighted will be the subject of a later debate , when the time comes , on the basis of the results of the feasibility study to be launched by the Commission at the beginning of 2002 .
That is why we submitted three amendments in first reading , which were rejected by the Commission and the Council .
As a thematic strategy it intends to implement a scientific policy and carry out much more firm , consistent and coherent work than has been done until now .
Did this fact influence the basis for the Commission &apos;s negotiations with the countries concerned ?
So , with Labour you can take your pick .
On the expenditure side , about 44 % of payments have been made in ECU and just under 56 % in national currencies , while the vast majority of the EU membership contributions are paid in national currencies .
Each Member State will make its own choice , reflecting its own traditions , culture and the will of its people .
Let us not repeat the mistakes following the Iraq war : <unk> and the collapse of the Palestinian institutions could harm Israel , which is seeking security .
Most of all , the <unk> authorities wanted to <unk> WHO membership .
It is quite <unk> and unsatisfactory that we should be giving a verdict on texts we know to have since been modified .
We also have to insist on democracy in those countries that are supposed to be our allies .
This applies above all to the inflation rate , where the EU average is now at a historically low level .
I hope that it proves possible , for the sake of the economy and the citizens of Europe , to include tourism in the Treaty .
You will be aware that the legal opinion provided by Parliament &apos;s Legal Services felt that Articles 42 and 308 of the Amsterdam Treaty , as initially proposed by the Commission , formed the appropriate legal base for this extension as well as for the regulation as a whole .
Whilst I am pleased that the Commission has stated in this context that the existing conditions will not be changed , this should be made sufficiently clear .
Some countries joined the coalition , some did not .
Mr President , in principle our group agrees with the report by Mr Titley , who has done an excellent job in the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , almost ten years after the signing of the Treaty of Maastricht , the euro has now found its way into our pockets and , I think , into the hearts of our fellow citizens .
The new weighting of votes in the Council is also important for striking a new balance between large and small , North and South and rich and poor within the Union , but that is not crucial either .
Cederschiöld report ( <unk> / 2001 ) The corner shop should also be a part of that famous principle of community spirit .
If we treat the internal market and the Lisbon Agenda seriously , we should endow our economic operators and citizens with equal access to and security of energy supplies .
While the figures for GDP per inhabitant reveal a residual growing convergence amongst the Member States , a process of rising imbalances between regions in the same state is taking place .
Mr President , I would like to stress what an atypical situation we are actually in , because it would in fact be right for the Council to follow this discussion from now on , as it is a subject that requires a joint decision .
The first wave of new Member States could increase Europe &apos; s population by more than a quarter , taking it to almost 500 million people , whilst the total GDP of the European Union would increase by only 5 % at the most .
Above all , however , it gives a human face to the distant and bureaucratic politics of Europe and puts the citizen in the centre of activity and debate , as is also happening with the &quot; Youth &quot; programme and with the &quot; Socrates &quot; education programme .
.
Minister , harmony in agriculture would mean fewer British hooligans in Marseilles .
I would not want these decisions to be <unk> by a small number of Member States who would decide , not only on behalf of the European Union , but on behalf of all the fifteen Member States .
What is clear is that the Pact &apos;s main function is to serve as a pretext , as a political <unk> for the most damaging , disastrous and <unk> government policies seen in Portugal since the revolution of 25 April in 1974 .
I have always thought it was a good Charter .
Parliament &apos;s duty is to exert maximum pressure in this direction , taking account of the degree of judgement open to it , which , for objective reasons , is not available to governments .
However , I think the <unk> might now be buried , since when you were given the full support of the PPE Group to have these six amendments carried , you did indeed secure that , although that too was no easy matter .
The White Paper is a logical step for a forward-looking youth policy .
We in the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe hope for a sympathetic hearing for these concerns from the other groups .
In accordance with Article 4 , health claims can only be made about products that meet a certain profile .
At that meeting the Commission and Member States will urge the Guatemalan authorities and society to renew efforts to accelerate the implementation of the Peace Agenda signed in 1996 , especially in those areas where unsatisfactory results have been registered so far , such as the justice system , rural development , and the situation of the indigenous people .
We would like to know their names and their faces .
President .
These must be solved both at national level and through European cooperation .
They do not even make it to small arts <unk> .
( PT ) This is a proposal concerning a very technical and detailed regulation , which is intended to harmonise , in the name of air safety , the rules governing flight times and crew rest time , in order to ensure that all operators enjoy similar working conditions and common safety standards .
I should like to hear from you what the Commission ’ s position is on this and whether Mrs de Palacio has acted within her mandate .
Poverty is a grave phenomenon , which affects women significantly more .
My group therefore believes the war must cease immediately .
.
We have also launched relevant studies on this point - we call them impact and sustainability assessments - to analyse the social , economic and environmental effects of these agreements which - I would remind you - are , first and foremost , agreements between these countries themselves , and we shall ensure that the results of these studies are taken into consideration throughout the negotiations .
In addition , the internal market must be able to operate in such a way that the spread of the disease is checked , and so that Member States , where no disease has yet occurred , can rely on the Community to protect the animal population of those States .
Among Parliament &apos;s various proposals , the idea of setting up an observatory for industrial change is of particular interest .
It is dangerous , in any case , to allow bodies such as Europol or the Schengen system to develop without parliamentary or judicial control .
Moreover , I agree entirely with the programme the President-in-Office has just set out for you .
So I hope that the <unk> proposals will be accepted .
National rules for issuing parking cards for people with disabilities and the parking facilities to which they can get <unk> are not covered by the recommendation .
<unk> higher rates of labour force participation by women and older groups should assist in combating social exclusion and in <unk> the continuing higher risk of poverty experienced by these groups .
The report concerned is by Mr Sterckx .
The resolution also recognises the importance of the <unk> process in the region , a process led and implemented by African countries and organisations .
If we are to increase understanding of , and support for , the EU project , grass-roots participation and control are hugely important .
Madam President , Madam Vice-President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , the fathers of Europe at Laeken - there were probably no mothers there - gave the Convention on the future of Europe something more than a year in which to achieve a big success in the process of making Europe more visible , by drafting the text of a new constitutional treaty .
The vote will take place tomorrow , at 12.30 p. m . .
Its failure to be adopted was , as you know , described by Moscow as a <unk> of good sense &apos; .
Where economic conditions permit , it is indeed desirable to reduce weekly working time and above all to introduce part-time work in order to create new jobs .
The reason for rules of procedure is that they guarantee democratic principles and obviously if , at some time , someone wishes to highlight a particular political problem , then they are perfectly within their rights to do so .
The Commission could go further and take interim measures on its own , and I call upon the Commission so to do .
I gathered from Commissioner Byrne &apos;s statement on Monday that product labelling is to be simplified , which suggests that the committee &apos;s proposal is actually to be adopted .
The Convention needs to address this issue and propose the necessary amendments in order to achieve a single structure that covers the area of internal justice .
We often say that there is bound to be a terrible <unk> between Parliament and the Council between first and second reading .
I thank you for your attention .
The Commission ’ s intention in making its proposal was to avoid the patenting of pure software and make a clear distinction between the European Union and the United States .
We are in the process of creating a legal obligation for the Union to ensure that fundamental rights are actively promoted across all policy areas .
First of all , social policy .
The initiative was adopted with the Treaty of Amsterdam and today the cornerstone of the Union ’ s fast <unk> crisis management policy is military and civil development and their successful coordination .
We particularly welcome the <unk> definition of non-discrimination .
The Council already decided in the conclusions of its March meeting that these gases would be included in the EU &apos;s basket of gases by the year 2000 at the latest .
Moreover , the assumption that migrants and their children would return to their countries of origin is no longer valid .
There is surely no logic in asking breeders to invest now in plant which is of no use in the future , but for which they will still have to make the annual <unk> .
Now to Amendment No 20 .
We expect the EU to protest .
The creation of a special parliamentary delegation to Iran proves this , the signing of the additional protocol on safety controls for nuclear materials confirms it , and the preliminary discussions between the European Union and Iran on human rights should convince us of it .
Indeed , I have to put on record here that his <unk> <unk> greatly with the seriousness and concern which many sectors of European industry display , and it should go on record that this marked contrast has caught my attention .
We took as the basis for our deliberations the voluntary agreements and guidelines for best practice agreed on in Madrid in 2003 .
I would like to draw the attention of this House to this case , and to ask that the consequences and causes of his disappearance be clarified and , of course , call for his release .
I should add that I associate with many older people as national <unk> of the Italian Pensioners Party , and my mother is also one of them .
It is not that we are against economic progress , nor that we are against clearance , even in tropical forest , but there must be sustainable agriculture .
For that , two conditions seem indispensable .
Besides dioxins and <unk> , the study reports on the presence of residues of <unk> pesticides , the use of which has long been prohibited in the EU .
This amendment intends to set a limited period for new inventions , if you separate them from the software , which - to put it very clearly - is not patentable .
Mr Prodi , you were nominated by the European Council within hours of NATO attacking Yugoslavia on the instructions of not only the United States President but also many EU heads of government - your electorate .
Article 59 of the Treaty says that restrictions on freedom to provide services within the Community are to be progressively abolished .
So I should like to offer you a positive and constructive suggestion : depending on the outcome of the current Conservative leadership contest , it seems very likely that Conservative MEPs will leave the Group of the European People ’ s Party , perhaps as early as Christmas .
We have experience of the free trade in capital .
It creates surpluses , keeps food prices high , damages the environment and is also detrimental to farmers in the developing world .
One need only think of a simple fact : the Internet can change the very way in which production is organised .
It is a sad fact that in Europe , the <unk> of these principles , their implementation was not called for .
Subject : <unk> before the European Parliament and involvement in its business on the part of Spanish ministers during the Spanish Presidency The year 2002 has just begun and Spain has taken over the rotating EU Presidency .
I believe , instead , that reaching agreement on that regulation would be a victory for us all .
I also wonder whether a very important issue in this connection is not that of improving the administration .
In fact , the general and abstract formulation of a principle of a need to reduce working hours seems destined to generate misunderstandings and ambiguities , for not only is it absolutely general but there is no specific reference in the report to the assumption of a reduction in working hours as a matter of necessity .
Mr President , this is simply to say that in any event we plan to work very hard and fast during the coming parliamentary term with those Members of Parliament who are returned , or who very much hope to return .
Mr President , I should like to say to the Commissioner that this has gone on for far too long .
Unfortunately , his appointment has been blocked for months now by the new Italian government .
However , I am not sure that the way in which we have thrown out some of the opportunities for flexibility is really the most appropriate course of action , so we shall wait to see what the Council of Ministers has to say about that and , no doubt , return to this debate .
On tax issues , for example .
Let me assure you that it is the concern of the Council presidency to arrive at a speedy and constructive solution in close coordination with the European Parliament , the Member States of the European Union and the Commission which is in office .
As you know , in the preliminary draft budget some ECU <unk> has been allowed under heading B <unk> for 1997 .
<unk> , European agreements to return areas to China would lead to the departure of inhabitants who had meanwhile developed European expectations of democracy .
However , the proposal to ban all fishing techniques that threaten the survival of inshore resources and the economic sustainability of the social fabric associated with fishing may well be a fair provision but it would leave many operators in difficulties , in that they would be left without work for lack of any feasible alternative proposals for a sector that is already going through a serious unemployment crisis .
If I am right in my judgment , this is not a matter of dispute .
A proposed directive which over time was intended to <unk> in the <unk> the creative spirit of young software <unk> and the independence of numerous European SMEs and <unk> .
How must it <unk> the <unk> people &apos;s sense of justice , and especially that of the victims &apos; families , to see the former dictator Pinochet sitting as a life <unk> in Parliament and being able to travel the world while his victims cannot be brought back to life .
In that spirit , in all our common endeavours , let the European Union and the United Nations be <unk> of hope for a better future for all mankind .
<unk> has given a tremendous boost to the mobility and exchanges of students , teachers and assistants , as well as the creation of cooperation networks .
We regret that you have refused to take disciplinary action .
Before the vote on Amendment No 19 : As always , lessons need to be learned and the Commission is looking at the following issues in particular .
The EU is not a military superpower , and puts the emphasis first and foremost on a multilateral approach to international problems via the UN and other international organisations .
I think that we should reintroduce this proposal , or in other words , that we should keep the Commission &apos; s wording .
We have witnessed the end of the Milosevic era and that is a good thing .
The major challenge of combating fraud and <unk> calls for joint action by national administrations , for which common rules are indispensable .
I am not raising this subject with the intention of embarrassing the British Government in any way , but I am extremely concerned for European farmers , for the British farmers who are bearing the brunt of the crisis at the present time , and , in particular , I am concerned for farmers in Ireland .
We want better environmental protection , more goods to be transferred from road to rail , a better <unk> balance and thus better protection for consumers .
I see clearly defined conditions for farm management , in the form of <unk> , as an essential factor in getting the common agricultural policy back in line with what the public wants , and I also absolutely share Parliament &apos;s desire to provide for straightforward and efficient procedures for these audits .
Everything is linked , such as poverty and death due to <unk> abortion , as we showed recently in this House with regard to the case of the boat belonging to the ‘ Women on <unk> ’ movement .
They often have to wait for money to come in before paying their own suppliers .
Consequently , we are <unk> to learn that our Council of Ministers has been too weak to give its approval to the trade agreement with South Africa , an agreement that has taken an <unk> long time to negotiate - three and a half years , to be precise .
Secondly , the draft treaty between Belarus and Russia can only be analysed within the much wider scope of the <unk> of the <unk> , a problem which cannot be put to one side , but which is nevertheless completely forgotten in the common resolution .
<unk> another route and do it urgently .
Therefore , why should we not also explore the possibility of the Council and Parliament working together on a subject that is clearly sensitive , as Mr Coelho said as well ?
In the matter of the external measures in category 4 , we have chosen to vote according to a line which does not require revision of the Financial Perspective .
After Tunisia , Israel , Morocco and the <unk> , we must today make a decision and give our assent to the Euro-Mediterranean agreement with Jordan .
I am sure the day will arrive , through <unk> <unk> and out of common interest , when a change will be made .
This field needs to be simplified : everything related to basic information - concerning the democratic rule of law - should be made available free of charge , and other information should be made available at a marginal cost , except in what is known as the <unk> &apos; sector , for obvious reasons of intellectual and artistic copyright .
The problem originates outside the EU .
Secondly , they must eliminate poverty , which is the main cause of social disintegration , or at the very least greatly reduce it .
We must help each other .
Thank you , Mrs Carlotti .
It is , however , unfortunate , how this came about .
We should , however , jointly evaluate our special national programmes .
In Germany , Great Britain , Finland and other countries where something has already been done , it is quite simply incomprehensible that one should be penalised for having already made a start on protecting the climate .
For almost a whole generation , a constant earth <unk> has been <unk> our institutions , and it has swept away the <unk> familiar to the public in our countries and <unk> doubt over the wisdom of our decisions and of the direction in which we are headed .
She has now gone on to higher things as the Foreign Minister of Spain .
I think that the European Union , and the Council in particular , has every intention of passing the necessary legislation , as does the Commission , which has the initiative for any new regulations .
We want best practice to be followed .
Thank you , Mr President .
The rapporteur , Mr <unk> , sends his apologies and will be replaced by Mr Evans .
At the last moment the Convention &apos;s courage failed it and in its final 14 days it clearly does not wish to try to move more foreign policy issues to majority voting .
<unk> in this European Union of ours must not be the preserve of the big firms that can afford their own legal departments and tax departments ; it must be put within the reach of small enterprises and <unk> .
I do not find this aspect in the report by Mr van Velzen .
You know that Ukraine can also form part of the future of Europe .
The steps that have been taken appear to be effective , and I therefore believe that we can avoid getting into such a situation again .
In the main paper we are particularly attracted - as are others - by the emphasis on the need for a coherent approach to Internet regulation and e-commerce ; also , intellectual property , distance selling and data protection - taking them all together in order to protect consumer rights and ensure adequate rules of viability .
Europe has managed to stand up to condemn unacceptable events .
That is because organized crime often operates in such a way that it is not the people who actually take charge of the profits who are made to carry out the criminal activities , instead , it tends to be other people who do this - which means it is frequently difficult to sort out the evidence .
Today , then , the matter in hand , a considerable one , is to assess and <unk> the state of mind in which we , together with you , are going to approach these talks .
The large amount of time spent on this regulation was justified on the grounds of the importance of adopting the directive on <unk> and models , a job that took most of the previous legislature and part of the present one .
The problem is therefore a relatively important one .
While I understand the political intention behind this amendment and realise that it is consistent with similar amendments in previous years , the Commission will have great difficulty in trying to fulfil the relevant programmes effectively without the appropriate level of administrative resources .
I would appreciate it if the Commissioner could provide an answer to these questions .
By its very nature , though , such a thing would be an <unk> to seize power at the European level , and I have serious doubts as to whether that is what is intended .
In the meantime , 10 party families have registered ; they also receive support from the relevant budget line .
It appears that a minister from the Berlusconi <unk> is unacceptable from the very start .
If he should insist on the amendment , I would ask to table my own additional oral amendment to his amendment .
The idea of a non-binding convention , to which other speakers have referred , is an idea whose time has now come .
It was an <unk> , and continues to be an <unk> , that we develop these weapons .
Madam President , I too should like to express my outright condemnation of the murder of the British military <unk> in Athens both in a personal capacity and on behalf of the party which I represent , the Social Democrat Movement .
Mr Blair , I listened very carefully to your presentation , in particular the emphasis on solidarity in combating poverty .
I refer expressly to these two institutions , because the role of the Council , in my view , may be <unk> .
What is essential as far as the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party is concerned is political accountability .
Let me explain again .
You have the floor .
Nor , surely , can it be said of this chocolate adulterated with vegetable fats recommended by the Council , which unfortunately did not follow the European Parliament &apos; s recommendations at first reading .
The fate of the <unk> is unknown .
Mostar , after all was the city of EU administration , and Mostar shows the strengths and weaknesses of the EU initiatives in former Yugoslavia : the strengths , because there is no doubt that in Mostar we have seen tremendous technical assistance which has helped rebuild it ; the weaknesses , because , of course , Mostar has shown the lack of political will by the Council of Ministers to support some of its rhetoric .
These two months must have been the most terrible <unk> for the many thousands of human beings who have lost not only their families , their homes and their communities , but have also been deprived – and unfortunately remain deprived – of their only means of subsistence , especially those whose livelihood was fishing .
Voluntary measures , such as green pricing and voluntary undertakings within industry are certainly helpful , but fall far short of what is needed .
Therefore I put to the vote whether we should proceed with an electronic vote .
Public anxiety about nuclear power , nuclear material and matters associated with these must always be taken with the greatest seriousness .
We have now reached a point where , in 2001 , this extension is coming to an end and the situation is creating considerable uncertainty in the sector , which risks causing farmers to abandon their land despite the gains that have been made as a result of the improvement plans .
Please will you start to make positive speeches and explain … I am sorry to see you are not even listening !
I can in this context accept amendments which aim to shorten the period during which the existing arrangements can continue for a period of eight months .
After all , we are dealing here with fundamental human rights , personal freedom of movement and the preservation of personal safety and property .
Well before the terrible fires of this summer - note , well before - and more specifically on 29 April , I wrote to the President of the European Commission , Romano Prodi , to tell him how astonished I was by the Commission &apos;s position .
Therefore , of all the good arguments I have heard , the only possible alternative is a political solution that <unk> the use of force , respects human rights and ensures the return of refugees .
This is a standard text approved in many other recent regulations .
With its professional , authoritative and rigorous scrutiny of the BSE affair , and then the matter of the VAT fraud , thanks to the notable efforts of two Committees of Inquiry , the European Parliament has moved in the right direction .
I congratulate the Commission on it and ask the honourable Members to approve this draft regulation .
What that means , then , is that we need in the first place objective criteria in order to evaluate what the existing systems have achieved in the way of development .
That is why we make no apology for the fact that we have negotiated with Canada , the Russian Federation and the United States .
The first thing I have been asked to do is to thank all those in this House who , over a period of many years , have campaigned for human rights and democracy in Turkey , and that at a time when Turkey , like the rest of the world , was <unk> the Cold War , and when some of those talking about human rights today saw everything in Turkey except the problems with human rights .
( Applause ) In a way , this is a measure of how civilised we are .
Therefore , although this is a global problem , it nevertheless affects developing countries in particular .
In this regard , it is perhaps particularly <unk> that it is from Great Britain that Mr Kirkhope comes .
In other words , the current <unk> of certain types , certain deep-water stocks by some EU countries would not be allowed to happen .
There is no doubt that this is a very important matter .
Rather than <unk> words condemning patriotism , we need intelligent action in favour of <unk> .
It is clear that the situation remains tense and that this tension is liable to <unk> further as the election campaign and the date of 29 October , which has been set for the second round , draw near .
As for the wider world , the crisis has created real questions about the United Nations and its ability to implement its own declared intentions .
The rapporteur suggests that in this new context the Joint Parliamentary Assembly is now ready to take its place as a true parliamentary authority and welcomes the changes introduced by the Cotonou Agreement to strengthen the Assembly .
Others - and Italy is one of them - will only be able to do it by damaging their social defences even further .
This is what this motion is about and I very much hope Members will support it .
Above all , you will not resolve this crisis by giving the impression that Europe can be limited to economic agreements or to one large market .
In particular , I do not think that the complete regulation and definition of what we call fair trade and the setting up of a comprehensive support mechanism can make much difference in improving the situation for small and medium-sized producers in developing countries .
You are right : we cannot open the aviation industry up to competition without at the same time ensuring that we have a solid regulatory framework regarding safety .
I welcome the speech that Sir Leon Brittan produced in the <unk> <unk> Conference in Geneva .
Our common future depends on finding an effective way to ensure integration and sustainability .
Mr President , first let me thank the rapporteur , Mr <unk> , and all those who have contributed to this debate from all sides of the House .
Mr President , the subject of the protocol you submitted to Parliament for its approval is a simple one : to adapt the agreement signed in 1990 with the <unk> of Andorra as necessary to take into account the accessions of Austria , Sweden and Finland to the European Union .
Mr President , road safety concerns us all , and this has been proved again this morning , not only by the Commissioner , but also by the rapporteur , whom we support in all aspects of this case and for the way he presented it .
Mr President , Mrs d &apos;Ancona &apos;s report is of course a bit like closing the stable door after the horse has <unk> , and that is just as well .
However , I welcome your support for multiannual management plans , Mr <unk> Peres , and gladly accept Amendments Nos 1 , 3 , 6 , 29 and 32 .
Let me finish by emphasising the importance of the Sixth Environment Action Programme , which should help us to implement the Kyoto Protocol .
Slovenia is aware that it must settle the issue of the restoration of goods within the time frames specified , even though in some - quite clear-cut - cases , appeals to the courts have slowed the process down .
Without this , we cannot be sure that they are being used to develop a sustainable fisheries sector in Angola .
Although not subject to any international rules , it is proposed to submit the sulphur content of sulphur fuels , for instance <unk> <unk> , to control under the <unk> Convention .
Lastly , a more detailed study would also need to be undertaken of other aspects , such as the regulation of <unk> fruits , measures for specific products affected by international competition and the standardisation of trade with third countries .
I warmly support the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection &apos;s Amendments Nos 2 , 17 and 20 which point out that there are also health aspects connected with the emission of <unk> .
I simply wish to confirm that the European Union has , for its part , always been strongly in favour of the compromise text , convinced that it is as important as the agreements on the non-proliferation of weapons , provided that these are accompanied by effective verification measures .
At this point , no accusations have been made against this <unk> and she therefore retains my confidence .
With the compromise arrived at in conciliation , financing will now be based on a period of three years .
For example , some people have put forward the proposition that ecstasy use should be deemed quite normal in society .
With this in mind , it seems important to me that a voluntary code of conduct for businesses should result from the WTO negotiations .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office , ladies and gentlemen , first I would like to look at the context of the price proposals for the marketing year 1998 / 99 .
It also reveals a belief in a division between that which is the domain of the market and that which societies must do in the name of principles , such as , solidarity .
As I said in my introductory remarks , the Community patent and the <unk> are not mutually exclusive initiatives ; indeed , our aim should be to ensure that they converge .
This is because the <unk> believe that proper regulations already exist and that no changes are needed .
So far only Great Britain has ratified .
This will not be the last time that we discuss this issue : it is an on-going process .
Mr President , I think it regrettable that the Christian Democrats are saying here , &apos; our two groups &apos; .
New technology is a must .
Likewise , other economic risks of EMU are ignored .
Particularly in Article 13 , we have taken great care to achieve the phasing out of heavy goods vehicles , introducing a quota system for 2004 , 2005 and 2006 , which in 2005 - 2006 will lead to a ban on EURO 0 and EURO 1 lorries , a quota system for EURO 2 lorries and free transit for EURO 3 lorries .
Moreover , if these principles were truly followed , the intergovernmental conferences would concentrate more on the common interest and be able to take some of the drama out of negotiations that are so important for the continuation of the process of European integration .
Our efforts to streamline and speed up the grant application process cannot be made at the expense of proper evaluation of the proposals , and must comply fully with the rules governing budget management .
Finally , we want trade that benefits sustainable development , by creating a link between trade agreements and our other major international commitments on fundamental labour rights , on food safety and on environmental protection .
A longer-term programme will ensure young people have the opportunity to benefit from such schemes for a guaranteed time .
They are the result of four years of extremely difficult and tough negotiations .
In 1998 alone , total income from tourism and leisure activities was 450 billion <unk> .
According to the Commission , this proposal is an important step forward towards a single market for the owners and users of private vehicles .
Finally , discussions will undoubtedly take place on the margins of the summit with regard to the provisions of the new European Union Treaty .
On behalf of Mr Kinnock let me say - including to Mr Wijsenbeek - that I hope we can find universally acceptable solutions on the basis of compromise proposals .
In 1990 , it had already been scientifically proved that the <unk> agent could be passed from one species to another , and this should have added urgency to the scientific research being carried out .
There are <unk> flying around .
The final resolution of the WTO itself , referring to liberalisation in particularly sensitive areas such as textiles , important aspects of agriculture , services and others , including the area of intellectual property , leaves little doubt , although its consolidation in practice could yet be influenced by any disputes that may develop .
To retain the current decision-making structures ( differing national laws , non-binding European <unk> &apos; allowing for numerous exceptions ) would necessarily lead to <unk> dumping &apos; in the EU and would therefore be irresponsible !
We <unk> have a lot to learn within the European partnership .
In this context , as a member of the Greens I particularly regret the resignation of my old friend <unk> <unk> .
That proud watchword , issued at the beginning of the term of office , proved to have little substance when it came to the Eurostat affair .
We got it - and very responsibly we did not spend it .
Throughout the drafting of my report I was approached by the lobbies of the major industrial federations who are concerned that the small step towards simplification proposed in the field of <unk> might result in the loss of information which they believe to be indispensable for their commercial policy , and which they could only <unk> through a great many costly surveys .
It is an own-initiative report dating back as far as 1999 , when it was prompted by the crises in Asia , Russia and Brazil .
I look forward to a constructive dialogue with Members of Parliament , with Parliament itself , in which no-one gives any special treatment to anyone else but both sides know that Europe can prosper only if the institutions are able and become even more able to work together .
Parliament did , however , give the Sakharov Prize to <unk> <unk> , who has a quite different view of this issue .
( Parliament approved the request ) It would also have been vital to specify , secondly , that a foreign policy is appreciated in terms of its effective influence on the ground .
The national cap on allowances can start from the 2003 emissions level and not from that of 1990 , provided that the allowances are decreased to the Kyoto figure by 2012 .
I believe that it is impossible to talk about corruption in developing countries without looking at the other side of the coin : to what extent are we , as developed countries , responsible for their corruption and what benefit do we derive from it ?
I would now like to refer to the second point .
However , in this context , the Commission cannot impose financial audits or <unk> checks on third countries without their agreement .
It is now the Council ’ s turn to adopt a more constructive stance .
Mrs Maes , Mr Alavanos and Mr Tannock raised the matter of Cyprus .
( Article 3 ) to <unk> determined by race or national origin .
For several years , beef consumption has been falling in Europe .
We need to <unk> our efforts and then we need to decide in what areas the Member States should take the lead and in what areas the Commission should take the lead .
Some people do not have any of it , or at least not enough of it .
Mr President , my group also wishes to support Amendment No 4 and we feel that it is better to deal with it before Amendment No 8 .
The initial draft Bolkestein Directive was overwhelmingly rejected because it was seemingly designed to make the completion of the internal market dependent on the reduction of social rights and on the reduction of environmental standards and of the protection of those consumers who had attained a higher level of protection in some Member States than in others .
The committee , however , was unanimous in its conclusion that the whole proposal should be rejected .
Let me conclude by saying this : our group is deeply committed to subsidiarity , and subsidiarity includes local , regional , national and European levels .
Today &apos;s sitting is proof of this , in addition to the appearances I have also made before the committee to which I report .
Today , over a billion people use the telephone for a few minutes a day .
What are we working towards ?
I approached them and asked them who they were to be travelling in such luxury on the plane .
Madam President , I too wish to compliment Mr Perry on his report and to thank him .
Transport policy has a substantial part to play in this field .
Within the European Union the principle of universal service must be defined in the context of the Treaties , and in particular with regard to article 129 .
If my suggestion is followed , it should lead to the adoption of this important text in a single reading .
The fact that we had problems with some power stations , which were unable to operate when it was very hot , is something for which we must compensate by creating a proper and powerful high <unk> system so that we can have a genuine exchange of energy between the various regions of Europe .
I should also like to thank all my colleagues for their constructive help with my report , and I would ask them to appreciate that I have not been able to take on board all the amendments that were submitted .
Although the European Parliament supports this initiative , our only regret is that we have to approve a resolution on it before we have seen any evaluation of INTERREG II .
<unk> , EMU will begin on 1 January 1999 with the <unk> fixing of the conversion rates of the currencies of the participating Member States and the Euro will become a currency in its own right .
Yet in many Member States Polish service providers fulfilling orders placed by local customers , as well as persons wishing to open their own service establishments , have met with additional administrative requirements which make it difficult to take up such activities .
At the end , a lot of pensioners came up to me and asked : &apos; Does this mean , then , that we might have a European <unk> on the beat at last ?
One day after the presidential elections , the USA unilaterally and <unk> recognised FYROM as the <unk> of Macedonia &apos; , totally ignoring the European Union and Greece .
Though it is true that we must wait until the end of the negotiations , in practice it is essential to know as soon as possible what ideas you are considering in order to adapt the Framework Programme to the smaller amount of resources and we are therefore grateful for your explanations .
Even if compliance with the basic safety standards is the responsibility of each individual Member State , the Commission will continue to keep itself <unk> on these topics .
For this reason , we must maintain and reinforce the cohesion funds .
At the political level , as long ago as September 1990 , here in this Chamber , Mr <unk> and I warned Commissioner <unk> of the dangers , after we had spoken to all the international experts , including Mr <unk> .
?
<unk> / 2002 by Mr <unk> and Mr Posselt , on behalf of the PPE-DE Group , on the situation in Argentina : economic , institutional and social crisis ; Since 2 p. m. today , foot-and-mouth disease may also have reached Germany and my home region of <unk> near the Dutch border .
Perhaps the Commission could clarify this issue .
The Union has not agreed to one of these .
Having myself chaired a regional fund for energy efficiency , I am fully aware of the demand for these funds .
You will have to forgive me for being <unk> , but I can only deplore the fact that it is apparently deemed politically incorrect to call a spade a spade and to penetrate through to the heart of the matter , even when we are dealing with a very complex problem , namely that of the fundamental failure to respect women ’ s rights in a large part of the world .
Commissioner Bangemann , so that we have no misunderstandings such as those which occurred at our last meeting at the same place and time , I should like to say from the outset that I am grateful for the timely presentation of this report .
With specific regard to communications , I feel that this is a good starting point and that we all agree upon its structure and substance .
My second comment has to do with the question raised by Mr Lagendijk .
The Commission can therefore accept this amendment in principle .
Such a force should be left in peace .
- ( SV ) Chapter <unk> ( General <unk> ) , Article 51 ( 2 ) of the draft Charter of Fundamental Rights states , &apos; This Charter does not establish any new power or task for the Community or the Union , or modify powers and tasks defined by the Treaties &apos; .
So I very much welcome the fact that we held a very pragmatic debate in committee and nobody really tried to enter into the details of the technical rules or , so to speak , to put political knowledge above the knowledge of the experts .
That is the original cause of our difficulties .
Mr President , it required a great deal of perseverance and courage , including efforts within her own party , for our friend <unk> <unk> to come up with a text on which there is a wide consensus , although it may not yet be 100 % , as we shall see .
As far as <unk> are concerned , the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy voted in favour of adopting a stronger position than the one recommended by DG Health and Consumer Protection .
Many things are obviously better in the Union but we also have problems Russian Members of Parliament could seize on if they so wished .
It is quite clear that many people within Wales are looking to the European Structural Funds programme to alleviate some of the great difficulties that we undoubtedly face .
We cannot see beyond the present : we think everything is still there for the taking and need not consider the consequences .
The European Union should devise specific instruments for tackling extreme situations such as this disaster happening in Spain .
The lack of an acceptable personnel policy and failure to observe the rules of employment law which the <unk> &apos; Association reports is a cause for concern .
Let Europol deal with it at European level , with adequate resources .
In any event , I would like to place my group &apos;s objection on record .
It was said to us : we had no powers to carry out inspections .
It is controlling oil and playing games with oil to the detriment of the European Union and to the detriment of China .
Still to this day , though , it is a regrettable fact that , in Ukraine , many of these ground rules of democracy and the rule of law exist only on paper .
If it is possible to do yet more in this area , then the Commission is of course willing to look into this .
From the next parliamentary term , the work of this Committee , of this <unk> Committee on the Rules of Procedure , the Verification of Credentials and Immunities , will be divided between the two larger committees of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens &apos; Rights and the Committee on <unk> Affairs .
Firstly , because after many years we are at last getting down to a project that many committed citizens , non-governmental organisations , and various political forces , not to mention this House , have long been calling for .
What we are now seeing is a <unk> of justice .
Unfortunately the selected candidate withdrew at the final stage after a selection procedure that lasted several months .
First , by promoting a trend towards regional meetings of the Joint Assembly , as recommended in the Corrie report , thereby enabling working methods to be adapted to the new types of cooperation envisaged ( regional economic partnership agreements ) .
In <unk> , several women are murdered every week by their men .
We are confronted with the reality of having to respect the responsibility of the Member States for the content of teaching and the organisation of the education system .
Question No 7 by ( <unk> / 01 ) : Mr President , as one of the <unk> of the candidature of Oswaldo Payá for the Sakharov Prize , I would like to thank you and other Members of the European Parliament for your efforts , thanks to which the Castro Government has finally allowed Oswaldo Payá to leave Cuba and , above all , return , so that he can receive the prize which this Parliament has awarded him for his peaceful struggle for reconciliation of the Cuban people and for areas of freedom .
Mr President , this is a valuable report , but it remains to be seen whether it will actually be followed up by those responsible .
How much <unk> is a person in intelligent clothing ?
In this sense , the political wisdom of the European Union will be judged in Kaliningrad ; it must be true to itself but must understand that the historic reconciliation reached between the 15 , between the 25 , the 27 and the 28 countries has to be a factor in continuing historic reconciliation , a Europe of peace , cooperation and development for everyone .
They simply want to eat food once again that they have not seen for a long time and to which they have a right .
Mrs Bloch von Blottnitz , I deliberately allowed you to overrun your time quite considerably .
It is for this reason that , despite the many omissions in the text , the provisions set out therein could - and I say could , Mr President - be accepted on condition that they are <unk> amended in order to ensure they can be implemented by those responsible for applying the law and are acceptable to the citizens .
It can be called into play , irrespective of whether the Irish vote &apos;yes &apos; or &apos;no &apos; .
Madam President , there is a second reason for the European Parliament &apos; s perseverance .
Therefore it is not the end , it is just the beginning .
It is also applied in a somewhat incoherent manner because judges are inadequately trained .
At first reading , Parliament is opting to allocate the amount proposed by the Commission in its draft budget .
It is therefore incumbent upon the Member States to maintain the public service dimension in plant selection , ensure that local varieties under threat are preserved and allow the production of farm seed .
Hence safeguarding the conservation of resources is a matter of constant concern to the Commission and to this Parliament &apos;s Committee on Fisheries .
And my Group is very much opposed to the linking of internal security and the movement of individuals .
.
Mr President , the Commission has repeatedly confirmed the need to establish a knowledge-based Europe geared towards the market of European citizens , a more competitive and dynamic knowledge-based Europe which also promotes quality training and education , particularly by guaranteeing the mutual recognition of professional qualifications and diplomas as a concrete and tangible proof of European citizenship .
I therefore believe it is only fair to give that country the chance to do its utmost over the next two years so that it can be ready when the time comes to actually join our Union .
Every year we ask the Member States to give us accurate forecasts of payment requirements and to use the payments entered on the budget for the year .
The truth is that the army simply did not want to , as it was itself part of the conflict .
I personally am opposed to such a policy being adopted within the European Union .
The European Union must also <unk> down on the harmonization of absurdly detailed legislation and this ridiculous <unk> of <unk> , <unk> for bananas and <unk> and percentages of fat in chocolate .
They have not even worked out the financial implications for industry .
The enlargement process itself is essentially a political process and we must not lose sight of that , notwithstanding the many technical dimensions that attend it .
Finally , to conclude , I should like to say personally that I strongly regret the fact that the Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs should not have thought it appropriate to consult the Legal Committee when its rapporteur considered changing the legal base .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , basically what is known as the information society is the result of an objective process in the technology revolution which is <unk> , chiefly at the level of information and communication techniques .
I have requested , inter alia , that the Commission also draw the necessary consequences from the most recent Court of Justice rulings - <unk> and <unk> , for example - and present these to Parliament .
I would add that , as a new Member , I have possibly not become familiar with all the parliamentary conventions in the course of a year and a half .
We must do all that we can to bring this to an end .
How can we make it possible for them - as has , in fact , been done hitherto using the phasing out method - to achieve the upturn gradually , without their being dropped from the system straightaway ?
Unfortunately , only 143 Members voted in favour of this .
Our Parliament applies the principle of two weights , two measures to Africa , and that does not strike me as being very healthy .
What we , in fact , regard as important is that this definition , when we decide on one , will have no legal significance in terms of the Regulation , and that we will not be enforcing some sort of acceptance of a <unk> on any Member State .
<unk> has never been an exact science : it has always <unk> with the level of human knowledge .
My second point is about acknowledging what is happening in our <unk> – in Italy , France , Spain , the Netherlands and elsewhere – and acknowledging the acts of xenophobia and racism that happen there .
<unk> a lorry is a profession with its own challenges .
Italy &apos;s proposal is that Europe , through one of its institutions , the EIB , should raise those private capital funds that are on the market and can be had at low interest rates , in order to try to boost demand through transnational infrastructure works , through the need to invest in new military technology , and through investment in research and education .
The Commission welcomes the positive attitude of the European Parliament on this proposal and we fully share the Commission &apos;s opinion that the Community coordination of the national security schemes should be extended to <unk> benefits .
Although this political strength is our main demand for the future Commission , we also have other demands , particularly regarding the internal working of this Commission .
Another factor that makes the problem of correct <unk> harder is the growing market in concentrates .
To tell the truth , I agree with you .
The statistics are rather frightening .
There are a great many gaps in the description of the European Union &apos;s economic and social situation contained in the report , although there is no denying the marked <unk> in economic performance since 2000 , the rise in unemployment and the continuing high levels of poverty and of early school <unk> rates .
My group is still not convinced that the construction of two nuclear power stations in Ukraine to replace the loss of capacity as a result of the closure of Chernobyl is the least cost option economically speaking .
It remains to be seen how the debate on this issue will continue .
The Commission &apos;s proposal keeps the same limit on internal resources , without taking into account the conditionality and the economic and social consequences of economic and monetary union .
The body which has collected , assembled and detected the threat must be able to <unk> &apos; by inciting the Member States at least to fight the epidemic and , better still , by telling them how .
I fully endorse the reasonable position adopted by the rapporteur , which the Finance Ministers could also live with .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 2002 ) by Mr <unk> on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries on the Annual Report from the Commission to the Council &#91; COM ( 2001 ) <unk> - <unk> / 2002 - 2002 / 2006 ( COS ) &#93; and to the European Parliament on the results of the multi-annual guidance programmes for the fishing fleets at the end of 2000 .
I might take the liberty of pointing out , however , that it is the Conference of Presidents which draws up the agenda and not the Bureau .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Economic Partnership , Political Coordination and Cooperation Agreement submitted today for ratification by Parliament represents an essential stage in the ambitious <unk> we set out on four years ago to establish a new relationship with Mexico that would fulfill our hopes .
There are some additional amendments as well - Nos 27 and 28 - and that is dealt with under Amendment No 11 ; and No 29 , which is acceptable .
It is wonderful being chairman , but the <unk> never get the thanks they deserve .
- ( NL ) Two buses or one <unk> bus are more expensive than one long , rigid bus .
Ever since we signed this protocol in Montreal , we nonetheless have international recognition and a common definition written into a protocol dealing with the environment , health and trade .
In short , we want a Europe that is capable of responding to the challenges of the 21st century : a Europe that is capable of <unk> resources to combat unemployment and exclusion , which is concerned about an <unk> harmonization of social legislation and which is able to prevent conflicts and guarantee the security of every country .
A number of Community directives on specific waste <unk> provide for separate <unk> of <unk> , especially for <unk> products that would otherwise enter the municipal solid waste stream .
This was not easy to begin with .
Likewise , it can support Amendments 6 and 31 on the promotion of alternative technologies , provided there is a change to the text .
We shall now proceed to the vote .
I voted ‘ yes ’ and I have never regretted it .
However , Mr President , I would also like to say to the Spanish Presidency that all this effort is only worth it if the end result is significant .
On the subject of agriculture , we cannot <unk> existing resources , which are considered to be vital for the basic subsistence of certain agricultural areas , but , on the other hand , we have foreign policy commitments , such as Kosovo and others , and there are therefore imbalances in our budget .
– The debate is closed .
The Commission is now discussing how the previous proposal in principle on changes to the third pillar should be followed up .
One of the issues that we may have to address over time is the question of the speed of response in such <unk> .
And this approach is particularly <unk> in the case of a country with which the EU is preparing to open Association negotiations in the autumn .
But we are not content with promises .
<unk> of this oral question , and also of today ’ s resolution , has been dominated by two issues , one being the protection of <unk> whales and the other the trade in ivory .
It has certainly not been easy .
I trust that Turkey will start to take a more serious view of things and understand just what its obligations are .
We made this very clear during the budgetary procedure .
Are we doing justice to anyone when we meet a delegation from India , say , or China once a year for <unk> or two days ?
Mr President , I usually find the Commissioner &apos;s replies very satisfactory , as I do in this case too .
It is not necessarily enlargement itself .
They also stressed that a more dynamic integration policy needs to be developed in parallel , and that this policy should aim at offering third-country nationals rights and duties comparable to those held by the citizens of the Union .
The statistical data have to be provided , as you know , by the Member States , since the Commission still lacks the necessary <unk> powers , and of course even if it had them they would not be taken seriously .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , I will not repeat what my colleagues in the PPE have already said and , as a member of the Belgian delegation , I will not introduce internal Belgian politics into this debate .
Consequently , if we want to achieve results , we need to bring the Americans into the rules .
However , the Commission might consider financial support for the restoration of the forestry production potential on the basis of the rural development regulation , No <unk> / 1999 .
The issue of the creation of a European Public Prosecutor to combat fraud is an example of the problems , <unk> and inadequacy of European Union integration .
The Commission does not share Mr Berend &apos;s concern that the proposed combination of Community criteria and national criteria would in fact leave the Member States too much room for manoeuvre and could lead to abuse .
My comments were also motivated by a desire to emphasise that the <unk> report is both well thought-out and a good compromise , and that the rapporteur has managed to reconcile all the parties in this unnecessary conflict .
The EU &apos; s combined defence chief and foreign minister , Mr Solana , said very clearly and plainly that Monday &apos; s meeting in Brussels was historic , for - as the representative said - the EU is taking up its rightful place on the world stage .
Thirdly , it is absolutely necessary that , for a certain amount of time , after an introductory phase , the scope of this directive is enlarged .
What stage has actually been reached in these negotiations ?
There have been difficulties in its transposition , for example , recourse to constitutional jurisdiction in various Member States , and practical obstacles in using the warrant , such as the translation , transmission and use of different forms .
In fact you could take this report into the schools and say : Look , this is an example of the way in which a European directive can be produced through consultation between the Commission , the Council and Parliament .
( Applause ) The fact that such values are enshrined in the Constitution is not enough .
At the same time , policies are being promoted which allegedly oil the <unk> of immigration .
The strategy will outline the threats currently facing the European Union , but it also needs to identify those areas on whose stability our security depends .
With its proposals the Commission has given a lead that no other Community institution can afford to ignore .
In order to overcome these problems , it needs to carry out a real reform of its judicial system and to start to implement this system effectively , which will give democratic guarantees to the entire population .
This explains why the Committee on Fisheries applied for an additional sum of EUR 2 million .
As the High Representative said , this will be the beginning of a very important debate , and of course much of that debate will take place in these <unk> chambers .
Mr President , Mr von Wogau , ladies and gentlemen , as I was travelling from Strasbourg to Austria following the last sitting in Strasbourg , I was delighted to note that the frontier barrier between Germany and Austria had been removed .
As the Hungarian President rightly said to us earlier , in a Europe with 25 Member States , there is no question of having two speeds , with some countries receiving 100 % of the agricultural subsidies and some , initially , only receiving 25 % .
We cannot only look at one Member State or one group that might be interested in this matter , we have to take an overall view when we look into anti-dumping questions .
We all understand that without the support of the pharmaceuticals industry there would be very few patients &apos; voices , but that voice does not come without a price .
Terrorism cannot be fought in ways that curtail democracy , civil rights and equality .
I regard the various policy fields as comparable to ‘ ships that pass in the night ’ .
That is why it is right to seek new lines of development and new economic instruments , as you have done .
We cannot rely solely on late , restrictive documents .
It could of course be said , simply in terms of human logic , that it can surely make no difference if a person receives a driving ban in an EU country which is not his country of residence .
In that case , it must , however , offer an attractive alternative .
The Commission is not sure that it would be appropriate to propose such a legislative instrument .
There are consultation groups and citizens &apos; groups ; if you had put a group outside <unk> &apos;s <unk> they still would have told you to free <unk> .
It is our heartfelt wish that the legacy of grace and kindness <unk> by the <unk> of Wales may live on .
I welcome your critical remarks and reservations about subsidiarity .
The developing countries must be given a pledge of free and fair trade .
Free and fair competition is leading us into disaster .
Madam President , naturally I welcome the start of a hopefully permanent process towards peace in Northern Ireland and Ireland as a whole .
Nevertheless , I am convinced that the strategic cooperation proposed , and which will be properly laid out at the bilateral Summit of 8 November , will contribute to finding solutions and to sharing effective multilateralism in international relations .
I shall , therefore , say that the Presidency is going to ensure that this institutional balance is maintained and that the prerogatives of each institution are respected .
Nevertheless , I should like to turn to the oral questions .
Portugal was the first European Empire and will be the last European empire and we might say that the cycle is being closed with a &quot; golden key &quot; , to the extent that , on the one hand , Portugal is conducting a peaceful and friendly handover of the territory of Macao to the People &apos; s Republic of China and , in the same sense , that Timor gained its independence in a fortunate way .
The report concerns the consequences of the European Court of Justice ’ s judgment <unk> / 03 , which gave the EU powers to adopt , under the first pillar , necessary sanctions under criminal law in order to guarantee that full effect is given to the provisions of the first pillar , in this case in relation to the environment .
Indeed , the statistics show that the representation of the two sexes has balanced out again in the various categories of staff in the Commission .
We congratulate Mrs <unk> on this initiative .
This has to do with fiscal policy , with the various competences involved , which still lead to distortions of competition and to new obstacles .
This policy has helped create huge <unk> groups which have acquired a dominant position on the market by promoting mergers , alliances and <unk> and greater <unk> when it comes to price fixing , thereby <unk> competitors - mainly small and medium-sized enterprises - from the market , and has resulted in massive waves of redundancies , <unk> unemployment and loss of wealth .
It is important that this waste , too , be covered by rules requiring that it be restored and managed properly .
We must avoid threats of unilateral declarations , on the one hand , and of continuing to establish settlements , on the other .
However , I can assure you – as I can assure everybody else – that the presidency will be open and even-handed in its dealings with everyone .
My report also contains a second proposal , namely that these petitions should be entered in a public register and thus be available to the general public .
It is clear that in addition to the neighbourhood policy instrument , Russia has a separate framework and a Northern Dimension .
We must not allow ourselves to be caught in the trap of <unk> timetables , which are skilfully used by Eurocrats , banking on the weakness of the Member States .
Why then was no attempt made to obtain the withdrawal of the American claim against <unk> meat and bananas in return for the withdrawal of the claim of the European Union against the <unk> Act ?
Mr De Rossa is correct that we should discuss domestic issues at home , and I will be very glad to do that with him at any time .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , you , and also the French Council Presidency that is to succeed you , bear a huge responsibility , because the outcome of this Intergovernmental Conference will be of historic significance , be it for positive or negative reasons .
In my view , one of the reasons for the development of grey areas between technical and political spheres lies in the role assumed by the <unk> .
The export to regimes with poor human rights records would be allowed if the weapons were to be used to protect the police .
Soon we will be calling for freedom of establishment and freedom of business activity and the monasteries will be overrun with <unk> stands .
As regards other issues , in particular the procedure for amending the Constitution , there was just not enough time .
Mr <unk> , you said that the moment Mr Blair spoke in this House was a great moment for democracy .
There is virtually nothing moving on that front .
We therefore call on the Italian authorities to give the High Commissioner for Refugees immediate unlimited access to the centre on Lampedusa .
Your <unk> Commission reform programme lacks the crucial safety net .
The Commission agrees with the compromise package in this field too .
Everyone can see that the idea would not work , but no one <unk> to say so publicly and to <unk> the proposal .
However , nine <unk> of our trade is not done with <unk> countries but with developed countries .
The appeal for intervention on the part of the German Government does not carry much weight .
Why has the Council , with a Commission proposal valued at EUR <unk> million , not <unk> for it ?
On the other hand , in respect of Regulation <unk> of 1991 regulating compensatory amounts in less-favoured areas , whose definition criteria can be found in Council Regulation <unk> of 1975 , it seems appropriate to introduce this regulation in the new version of Regulation <unk> .
We know that to create jobs again we will need further growth and growth that will actually generate employment .
We are not recommending any <unk> on the role of ESA .
Finally , I agree with Mr Mulder that the Community needs to be very careful about protecting its quality policy in international forums .
This is an extremely sensitive political issue to which some solution must be found for , as we know , it is a burden on the enlargement process too , and it is evidence of the <unk> transport crisis .
We are aware that many involved in the fisheries sector have faced economic insecurity over recent years as a consequence of rises in the price of fuel .
When the price of the on-board computer is also comparable to that of the tachograph , with or without <unk> , the on-board computer seems an obvious choice .
We should also remember that , in a report voted for by all the Members of the Belgian Parliament , the then Minister of Justice was held responsible .
They can be clearly seen on territories and on the people who lost their lives in or were driven from those territories ; but it has also <unk> certain governments , which are left without a clear foreign policy .
.
Today the rapporteur is proposing to amend this compromise , that she considers to be too restrictive , because it does not go far enough in advocating the right to extended family reunification .
Madam , do not take it as a declaration of war , but if you respond to our vote in the same way that the <unk> de <unk> responded to the <unk> de <unk> in &quot; <unk> <unk> &quot; , well then , this war is not one that we would wish but it is one that we would see through .
I will always remember that <unk> <unk> &apos;s key <unk> drug was not brought onto the market because of <unk> research .
Thirdly , the European Commission had to <unk> , because it was too weak in many respects in relation to the Council .
I agree with that .
I believe sound finances are essential to long-term growth .
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide , because it is extremely destructive .
.
We are therefore also voting against European coordination in the area of tax .
I support the agenda set by the EU leaders at their summit in Lisbon last year .
It did so in a rather <unk> way through a communication that was not discussed either in Parliament or by the Council .
We have genuinely moved a step forward .
Even if the resolution notes the responses of the Commission and the Commission &apos;s <unk> , it does not draw all the lessons of the mad cow crisis .
However , the European Parliament approved two amendments by a large majority , led mainly by the European People &apos;s Party , with the backing of the Party of European Socialists , which seek to <unk> the system by making express reference to military use of the system for so-called &quot; peacekeeping operations &quot; .
Mr President , company structures in the European market need to be made more efficient if Europe is to hold its own in the global market .
I remember the discussion here in Parliament that we should not allow a situation where vessels would be transferred to third countries stricken by the tsunami without imposing any conditions because that could , in actual fact , increase the fishing effort and therefore intensify the problems that existed in certain fisheries in those third-country waters , but that the vessels should be suitable and appropriate to the fisheries that were traditionally carried out in those countries .
Like the Commission , we regret that in the period covered by the report only about 50 % of the target actions have been met .
Such a provision has a deterrent effect on unscrupulous <unk> operators and removes the victims &apos; fears about having to take the matter to court in a foreign country .
Let me turn , secondly , to the Roma minority , which , in many countries , is severely discriminated against and socially disadvantaged .
Thirdly , we need to ensure that money is spent well .
My second question is whether or not the European Union must take into account all of the constitutional traditions of all Member States , on the basis of mutual respect - given that in Sweden there is a greater tradition of transparency - and that when a given Member State receives a document affecting another Member State it should observe a code of ethics , especially if that document is then disseminated over Internet ?
Over the past weeks in August , work has therefore continued in order to produce fresh and detailed models and options , which will be the subject of resumed discussions with staff representatives and with other institutions this month .
Let us be clear : enterprises need direct and <unk> access to funds , from the provision of risk capital to loans from the EIB and the EDF .
I do not know whether you have been able to go and visit that centre , to go and see what it can do , but I can assure you that I was extremely impressed .
They give manufacturers the opportunity voluntarily to adapt and develop technology to the highest current standards so that they can make sales to all the Member States .
It is rooted in the principles of harmonisation , ownership , alignment and management by results , as in the Paris Declaration .
The <unk> of the new Commission , upon whose <unk> Parliament was asked to vote today , admittedly takes these problems into account .
Unfortunately , every day we hear news of accidents at work .
Let me stress again , it is not the task of the European Union - as the rapporteur , my friend <unk> Hatzidakis , has also pointed out - to prescribe to individual Member States the type of primary energy sources they should use .
The key policy areas identified for action are : educational disadvantage , unemployment - particularly long-term unemployment - income adequacy , <unk> disadvantaged areas with concentrations of poverty and tackling poverty in rural areas .
So , Mr President , you and your Commission may continue with your work , for we are right behind you !
We are all aware of the importance of transport , particularly in terms of economic development .
I am sorry that Commissioner Wallström , who is responsible in this area , cannot be here now because this is , after all , a very , very important directive on which the Commission has been working for a long time , and water protection legislation , which we are debating now at second reading , affects all the citizens of the European Union as well as all the people in countries wishing to join , who will have to comply with EU legislation once they accede .
The Seattle Summit and the huge public demonstrations made the need plain .
Looking further ahead , concerning the review , I am now preparing a high-quality review of the European Union emissions trading scheme to identify improvements to be made beyond 2012 .
It reminded me of the time when I used to have to get to a 10 a. m. division in the House of Commons and narrowly make it in , practising my <unk> around the <unk> .
<unk> figures on the impact of armed conflict on children are hard to come by .
Mr President , I am as disappointed as my colleagues at the response .
It does not contain anything new which might alter my analysis .
I appreciate that today is a difficult day , but I do feel that the House should pay tribute to the memory of <unk> <unk> .
At this stage , then , our work is geared to a quest for consensus , the objective being of course to enable us , when we make public the decision on the list of countries joining the euro in late April or early May 1998 , at the same time to give specific answers to consumers on the specific questions they ask .
This makes it even more natural to discuss this issue in conjunction with the European Council in Stockholm , one of the aims of which is to modernise the European economy .
It should also be possible to make immediate contact with home in case of illness , since all those data can be <unk> on the card .
Because <unk> is a voluntary instrument , it is important for it to have a logical structure and to be <unk> .
They show that reform is not necessarily synonymous with regression .
You are right .
With fifteen different projects from fifteen different States , which tomorrow will be fifteen plus the twelve that are joining , which makes <unk> , or would it not be better to have a single research fund ?
In principle , noisy aircraft should mainly be forced to become less noisy , in other words <unk> 3 onwards should apply .
Our proposal brings these objectives together in a single , integrated strategy that seeks to find long-term solutions to the issues which are of real concern to our fellow citizens .
If so , which governments of the 15 Member States have responded ?
I am against artificial deadlines .
It can exist .
Since early 1997 , the EU , through its heads of mission in Tel Aviv , has been monitoring Israeli settlement activities , the situation in Jerusalem and the human rights situation in the West Bank and Gaza .
We have therefore sought to persuade the Americans to submit the question of the conformity of the new banana regime to a WTO panel procedure , in accordance with Article 21 ( 5 ) .
Thank you for your reply , Commissioner .
The hope is that the <unk> framework programme , like the strategic Millennium Goals , will include a specific reference to research into the diseases that affect those countries and also allocate the appropriate funding .
After the attack in <unk> on 12 August , the Presidency once again put out a statement condemning recent suicide bomb attacks in the strongest terms and pointing out that these attacks targeted at Israeli citizens are <unk> and repugnant in the extreme .
Madam President , Cuba is the only country in Latin America that is not linked to the European Union by means of an association or cooperation agreement .
We would welcome a little more competition as far as that is concerned .
The vote will be tomorrow at 12.30 .
The final outcome of these negotiations , in addition to the establishment of a new Convention for a period of twenty years , is therefore , to my mind , to be considered one of the more positive aspects .
<unk> of the Chernobyl shelter This is the precise agenda that I propose to follow ; there is an understanding within the European Commission with Commissioner <unk> Rehn , who is responsible for enlargement , and therefore the negotiating proposal will be on the Council table within a few days .
They are victims of their <unk> , which are simply following international <unk> which will once again lead to disaster , for we are refusing to accept the facts .
I trust that tomorrow &apos;s comments on the subject of the oral question will help to clarify the situation with regard to this threat to the pension plan for European Union civil servants .
I also welcome the initiatives , such as Everything But Arms from other countries , which must also apply to more of their products , and also all <unk> .
Therefore , the final responsibility lies with Member States .
<unk> to this principle may only be decided on by means of collective agreements , which would rule out the use of individual <unk> .
At the same time , it takes the view that space policy must not be wholly dominated by the market and that account must be taken of long-term assessments of the benefits and risks of exploiting space , not only from the point of view of the interests of industry , but also in terms of the welfare of mankind as a whole .
In return for those cuts , the EU is looking to the United States to match it in cutting <unk> farm subsidies , which the developing world now rightly regards as the condition and <unk> for any final Doha agreement .
<unk> one or two paragraphs on fisheries , TENs and the periodic evaluations that are required would have made the resolution <unk> and more <unk> .
I believe , Mr President , because nature has its <unk> and <unk> and because the ways in which these cereals are consumed on our planet give us a little breathing space , that we should make it our concern to rethink the general organization of farm production , to plan it for the benefit of human beings wherever in the world they may happen to be , rather than <unk> it to the service of some kind of commercial logic .
It is not a valid approach to only look at the countries , but also at the regions .
In my view that is the core of this resolution .
The report by the chairman , Mr De <unk> forms part of this logic of a European state .
Therefore , based on experience I have gained myself , I would like to point out the things we ought to emphasise when discussing the global challenges of the world &apos;s financial market .
Moreover , the process of cogeneration can avoid the emission of carbon dioxide , which means that stepping up the promotion of cogeneration plants is an essential instrument in the package of measures required to comply with the Kyoto protocol on global climate change .
The budget authority must then undertake the appropriate adjustment for the year 2004 , so we will all be looking at this issue during the course of 2003 .
I would like to ask Mrs Cresson what steps the Commission is taking to seek Mr <unk> &apos;s release .
The focus of the synthesis report will also depend on further work by this Parliament and the Council up to the end of this year .
For example , who ultimately takes the decision on extradition : the judges or the <unk> of Foreign Affairs ?
Rome was not built in one day .
We cannot allow things to progress in that way .
The entry into a treaty is not an abdication of a sovereignty but the exercise of sovereignty because no country that enters into a treaty is compelled to do so unless it thinks it is in its interest .
On this point , allow me to say that Article 5 of the common position is a model of inefficiency .
I say all this in the light of the reform of the Structural Funds which those of us who live in the <unk> are watching with great concern ; from seven funds we are reduced to only three , and furthermore both of the funds dedicated chiefly to agriculture , <unk> and 5b , have disappeared , the second being specifically for agriculture in areas of hardship and mountain areas .
I refer to Mr Wiebenga who is a <unk> for the <unk> in the coming European elections and I must say that I have every sympathy for his traditional liberal approach , as it has already been described .
The choice is therefore simple : either we turn our backs on the concerns of the citizens by giving in to the <unk> of a certain industry or by voting in a traditional <unk> split that is completely obsolete here , or the European Parliament <unk> the draft produced by its Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety into a strong REACH project able to carry the hopes of the citizens and of the many <unk> in the industry who have placed their <unk> on clean <unk> .
All these projects are making progress , but two things are essential if they are to be effective .
Sustainable integration can only be achieved if all the Community institutions , and of course also the Member States , take the appropriate initiatives .
On this issue , the large Member States too ought to acknowledge that the Presidencies of many a small country have proved to be more successful , more efficient and more committed than those of many large Member States .
The rapporteur is probably aware how <unk> it is to call for simple rules to reflect a situation that is complex and has become more complex .
The agreements also extend to authors who remain outside the organisations responsible for concluding the agreements , and guarantee rights and levels of remuneration .
Last week one of the prisoners , <unk> <unk> , fell into a <unk> .
This is a golden opportunity to direct this agenda for the future and in preparation for enlargement .
That is why we simply must ensure that the problems arising there are not simply settled with a <unk> and a <unk> or put on the back <unk> for possible consideration in the distant future but are resolved in an appropriate manner as soon as possible .
A <unk> , ar an <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> a <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> na <unk> <unk> <unk> in <unk> , an <unk> <unk> <unk> , <unk> D. <unk> <unk> na <unk> .
<unk> crime Mr van den Berg also made a very interesting point .
That is why we presented the <unk> Action Programme , which is to say that what we are now doing in the field of electronic commerce , the <unk> of our training and further training systems , the improvement of regional and social cohesion and protection of the citizens against illegal and harmful content represents a new programme of work .
I think it is sad and in fact almost pathetic that we are still trying to get along with this <unk> , another word for dictator .
Everyone has been so unanimous on these points that I should perhaps concentrate on points that have not yet been addressed , as it is seldom that there is such unanimity in this House and such a positive attitude .
We must all work together to send a message of confidence to the world of the producers and to the consumers .
However , I think we are having a rich debate , certainly richer than what the press is reporting today , noting the remarks made by Mr Chirac , who seems to think Europe lacks respect for Russia .
The broad economic guidelines are the mechanism by which we can guarantee much greater economic coordination .
This agreement is therefore a positive thing .
I have therefore asked permission to prepare an own-initiative report so that we can have these issues clarified .
For many countries forestry represents a vital economic and cultural foundation .
Also at that meeting it was confirmed that France , and from next February Italy , would have responsibility for leading the operation .
Your Conference of Presidents has requested this , and I will therefore speak on the problem as a whole .
What is so special about eel is that it is both a <unk> and salt water fish .
Europe ’ s central objective is to promote effective multilateralism , which means ensuring security and also the expansion of democracy , human rights and opportunities for development and growth .
As rapporteur for the report on trans-European telecommunications networks , I am in fact sorry that we spend a great deal of time talking , but hesitate when it comes to implementing these telecommunications networks and then express a large number of reservations .
There are limited financial resources .
Surely you realise as well as I do that one of the Union &apos;s problems is that we do not have a common foreign and security policy in the stricter sense .
<unk> public awareness in order to gain acceptance of various forms of treatment and other user protection programmes is vital if we are to be able to implement the proposed recommendation .
Mr President , firstly , in my capacity as a member of the <unk> joint interparliamentary delegation , I too would like to welcome the Bulgarian Prime Minister , Mr <unk> <unk> , to the European Parliament .
For example , recent research suggests that an increase rather than a decrease in <unk> quotas could actually be positive for the regeneration of cod stocks .
We believe that the consultation procedure is a great school for democracy and , above all , a great resource in terms of responsibility : extending the scope of responsibility in the management of the Structural Funds is one of the major political challenges facing the European Union .
It is not , in our view , acceptable to do without a vote in plenary on the issue in question , above all because our debates on matters of topical and urgent importance have hitherto seen us pass resolutions which express positions especially on human rights violations , which give significant support and encouragement to many who campaign for democracy and human rights in the countries in question .
I voted in favour of the Gröner report on ‘ The fight against violence ( Daphne ) ’ ( 2007 / 2013 ) , given the need to provide continuity for this successful project in the fight against violence , which continues to affect children , young people and women in Europe and around the world , and to protect the fundamental rights enshrined in the EU &apos;s Charter of Fundamental Rights .
Otherwise , certain areas will be totally neglected , while others receive aid from both the EU and national governments .
I hope that the Council will commit itself to a so-called inclusive approach .
European troops are heavily engaged in Afghanistan , both as the largest component of the International Security Assistance <unk> , as well as in combat operations .
Mr President , this is a moment of transition .
.
I shall now focus on another issue , which also concerns the quality of the legislation .
I appreciate the fact that the single market in the area of air traffic services will serve all citizens equally and ensure that passengers are not refused air transport on the grounds of reduced mobility .
We want to know why because it is important in our <unk> .
Quite simply , with the best will in the world , this deadline cannot be met .
It is an unfair and disproportionate decision , and I would therefore ask that it be <unk> .
As for the Intergovernmental Conference , what was revealed there is worrying , especially the unacceptable financial blackmail practised by some Member States , who are threatening to block the Community budget so as to obtain an agreement based on the so-called European Constitution .
Finally , it seems to me important that the Member States and the Commission should establish a centralised data bank which would receive all available information on approved establishments , on the products handled , and on <unk> .
It states that the overall policy mix will promote growth and employment if all the participants and groups comply with the guidelines it has <unk> ( <unk> . Perhaps it is a solution I will suggest to the Chamber : not to use either the term &quot; public prosecutor &apos; or &quot; judicial authority &apos; , but &quot; European judicial body &apos; .
We must therefore view this proposal from the Commission as a challenge that has both economic and environmental advantages .
Finally , I would like to give a third example .
Firstly , Pakistan .
Unfortunately , Parliament , by means of its vote , has rejected the recognition of the Armenian genocide as a prerequisite for accession and , in spite of our vote and that of a number of our fellow Members , has also adopted a provision that implicitly provides for accession as the only outcome of the negotiations .
Mr <unk> had a justifiable passion to make our seas safe and reduce the appalling toll of over 200 ships and countless lives needlessly lost each and every year .
I would like to stress , however , a very important point - why have we done this ?
If this were to happen , it would be a backward step that our citizens would find difficult to understand or justify .
What I want to say is that each mode of transport has its own comparative benefits , and this is what we must focus on in the first instance .
I also welcome the geographical expansion of the objectives of the Charter to the enlarged EU , the candidate countries , the Western Balkans , Moldova and the Mediterranean partners .
However , most stakeholders considered a <unk> exercise inappropriate .
I therefore believe that this directive is necessary , and indeed essential .
It does not agree with the contents of Amendment No 2 , Amendment No 3 , section 2 , nor Amendments Nos 8 , 9 , 11 , 14 , 27 or 28 .
The Council is facing up to its responsibilities for ensuring that reform is carried through by working in cooperation with the Commission to achieve this .
<unk> is the best context in which to <unk> the text of the Constitution , and the best way to make people understand just how useful Europe can be .
Parliament ’ s critical approach is aimed in fact at improving things in the future .
The Council wanted industry involved in Galileo as early as possible .
( Parliament approved the President &apos;s proposal ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , if the prospect of a new disaster , so costly in terms of human life , were not <unk> our minds today , we would say that this crisis has served in a remarkable way to reveal the world as it is now .
<unk> in the conference emphasised that the conclusion of this <unk> agreement is a necessary precondition for projects within the nuclear sphere entering into operation within the framework of the <unk> .
He went through each area in detail .
This should be made a condition if this House endorses this report .
Liberalisation calls for new rules - and I agree with Mr Watson on this point - it calls for better rules , particularly for international financial fluctuations .
I find the report - and I can say this here - very encouraging in many points , but it also opens up many issues which we will disagree on .
Only a very firm political stance taken by the European Union can transform the current crisis into a useful step towards world progress .
The Commission proposes that the resources needed for this should be made available from the flexibility instrument .
At the same time , the Union has widened : our membership has more than doubled from 12 to 25 .
People want a better life and now believe that it is achievable .
In that respect , we have to make a judgment to some extent on the basis of evidence on paper .
With regard to the latter sin , two objectives are clear : to use the low implementation rate as an argument for reducing Community spending on the cohesion countries - with the same thing happening with cooperation and development policies - in the face of enlargement and whilst satisfying the interests of the well-off donor countries ; and <unk> <unk> ?
in the regulations of the Structural Funds , taking advantage of the interim review of Agenda 2000 .
One is the safety of a product , and the only products we should allow on the European market are safe products and those that involve no risk for consumers .
I will try to clarify it .
<unk> measures must be taken , certainly , as well as other measures .
Today ’ s report was a very good opportunity to underline all these components of our approach and I should like to thank honourable Members for their attention to these issues , for the support given to our work and for the concerns they have raised .
The most critical points of the <unk> report are : I see Turkey &apos;s consent to the opening of an Amnesty International office as a favourable indication .
We cannot accept that a second test should be carried out , thereby repeating something that was deserving of the most <unk> condemnation the first time it occurred .
Obviously it is following the situation in Sri Lanka closely , it has repeatedly <unk> the loss of human life caused by the war , it has urged the government and the <unk> <unk> movement to make every effort to protect the civilian population and it has also sent humanitarian aid to alleviate the <unk> of the population .
We Spaniards are perhaps more sensitive to this challenge than other Europeans , because of all the citizens of the European Union , we were the last to move from an <unk> regime to democracy , twenty years ago .
In summary , the results were good .
With regard to social security , I would have preferred it if the decision had , at last , been taken to create a single European pension for the Union .
I wonder whether we Europeans might offer our experience of regional conflict resolution as aid here .
I would like to take this opportunity to highlight the exemplary cooperation given by both the Court of Auditors and the Commission and their active willingness to provide the information requested .
.
– The Commission hopes for the support of Parliament for its proposal and is ready to take into account a number of significant amendments proposed by Members of Parliament .
<unk> energy resources are land-based .
A policy of strategic <unk> around outbreaks may be appropriate in certain circumstances even though we still cannot distinguish commercially between infected and vaccinated animals .
This is the way things would go if Parliament were to <unk> in the agreement between the Commission and the United States .
If the European Commission adopts the adjustments proposed by Parliament , as the Commissioner indicated with regard to a large number of points , successful decision-making can be guaranteed with a wide support base – from Sweden to Spain – of fishermen , recreational fishermen and environmental organisations alike .
I have a few more truths to tell : if we are talking about PR , but have to tackle BSE , then perhaps it would be a good idea to grasp the fact that cows belong in fields .
I can only say that I welcome the opportunity to provide comprehensive information .
Now we are once again lamenting the infringement of human rights in Belarus , injustices against journalists , dissidents , people who are subjected not only to trial and serious prison terms but who are also violated , <unk> and <unk> from official society .
Does this requirement relate to real or <unk> balance ?
Mr President , Commissioner , the postal issue is a protracted and sensitive one .
The EU ’ s high tariff barriers <unk> shut out the Third World from trade <unk> .
The Committee on the Environment proposes that the addition of a reducing agent be extended to cover all <unk> containing more than two parts per million ( <unk> ) of <unk> VI , with an exemption restricted to cases where the cement is used in <unk> fully <unk> systems .
Mr President , I have a point of order that relates to the French translation and is important for tomorrow &apos;s vote in plenary .
The European Union can and must contribute towards protecting the health and safety of its citizens , particularly since the recent enlargement has increased the imbalance between Member States as regards healthcare .
But it is the second level that interests me : to give information to our citizens on how to pursue cross-border <unk> .
Mr President , on behalf of the Group for the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , I would first like to pay tribute to the Polish workers who set in motion the process of the liberation and unification of Europe .
There are other improvements brought about by the amendments , in particular with regard to the <unk> values of certain chemical substances such as <unk> or physical parameters such as radioactivity , which should be considered in the light of the Euratom directive .
The Council emphasises that it attaches exceptional importance to full compliance with human rights and also to the efforts to find a political solution and to improve the humanitarian situation .
In addition , it must be possible to appeal against all decisions relating to confidentiality .
They do not look to see where the problems actually lie in the fund .
Thank you , Mr <unk> .
We have always shown and shall continue to show such solidarity .
The report does not contain a single word about economic growth as a condition for economic improvement .
Mr President , the Telecommunications industry is growing and it is now vital to ensure that the personal details held in digital telecommunications networks are protected against improper use .
Last year the Council of Ministers commended the progress that had been made and asked that further progress should continue to be made .
I would rather we have maintained the position whereby we were an observer of the ban rather than a supporter of the ban .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we are today going to give an opinion on the common position of the Council with regard to the proposal for a directive on - and I would like to emphasize the title - the approximation of national legislations relating to the advertising and <unk> of tobacco products .
Progress has also been made in developing policy coherence for poverty reduction , for example , a communication has been prepared on core labour standards and social development .
But let me point out that the situation quite clearly improved in 2000 , since the commitments remaining to be paid at the end of 1999 were reduced by 47 % .
Also in the context of the G7 , nuclear safety issues will be discussed in relation both to the situation in Russia and to the need to maintain loan commitments to Ukraine , following the closure of the Chernobyl plant , for the construction of the <unk> reactors there .
In the case of Europe the matter is complicated by the fact that the effects are common to more than one Member State .
Without people farming in our villages and communities , there will be no rural communities ; nobody left to service the needs of those of us that sometimes visit rural areas for <unk> .
He referred to the Kok report , as I do in my question , but the report further recommended – as he will probably be aware – establishing a European research council , rather on the lines of the National <unk> Foundation in America .
Unfortunately my own country has helped to prevent some of these opportunities , for example by not wishing to be part of renegotiating the Association Agreement with Israel .
Trade negotiations are generally described as a win-win situation , in that success means the parties &apos; gains <unk> the cost of the <unk> <unk> quo they offer .
Yet we are now faced with the prospect of harmonising driving licences , and this report makes clear that harmonising penalties for driving offences cannot be far behind .
Another problematic issue is the phenomenon of selective immigration , which mainly benefits rich countries .
Otherwise better control of the quota and more research into fish stocks are the main points for us .
You can of course obtain it from the Commission .
But , on the whole , the treaty is a good one and this is partly because it recognizes , as some contributors to this debate have not , the fairly modest aspirations of most EU citizens in respect of the growth of European powers .
In addition to IT training , the Lisbon process emphasises the importance of lifelong learning .
Many categories of foodstuffs produced with the aid of gene technology will be regulated under other legislation or not at all .
The European Parliament and especially its rapporteur , Mr <unk> , had the same objectives as the Commission throughout this lengthy process as regards both the substance of the amendments and the timing of the two opinions .
My assessment of these proposals will be based on the extent to which they improve the protection of public health and are likely to help restore consumer confidence in the EU as a whole .
Mr President , I would like to take this opportunity of thanking the Environment Committee , and in particular the rapporteur , Mrs <unk> , for their commendable work in considering the Commission &apos;s report and also for their cooperation with Parliament &apos;s other committees and for the comments the speakers have made here this evening .
In this regard , I would like to stress that , according to the calculations of the European Commission itself , the application of this Directive will cost EUR 5 million per Member State , which represents 1 % of the total spending on spatial information , while its application is expected to bring environmental benefits worth more than EUR 30 million per Member State , although it will perhaps be necessary for the directive to clearly establish the <unk> conditions within the framework of the existing Community financial instruments for the costs of the planned actions .
We are no longer in the presence of emigration , we are in presence of <unk> which will increasingly tend to <unk> what is happening in other parts of the world .
We must accept that there are some forms of hazardous waste that can be well <unk> of in cement kilns and that is where it should go , but under the strictest of controls .
It wants to keep the entire programme to itself .
But in harmonizing the existing rules and Community cooperation , we want to keep our feet on the ground and ask the Commission if it really believes , itself , in the ratification of the 1995 convention , given that the difficulty of coordinating the political will of the fifteen Member States is compounded by the fact that the ratification is linked to two additional protocols , which do not relate to the responsibilities of civil servants alone , but also commit governments , Members of Parliament and institutions .
It is nevertheless vitally important to ensure that Europe can make good use of investment so that research work leads to new , better and commercially <unk> goods and services .
Therefore we need information campaigns , and the Daphne programme will support these .
Basically it is a question of the future of our rural areas , which account for 80 % of the European Union , and above all of how we will manage to protect jobs , to create new jobs and to maintain the environment in Europe both within the agricultural sector as such but also , independently of that , in the rural areas .
The Commission could make us of them but it does not want to proceed in this area without a discussion about using these powers , and that is the point of this <unk> .
On the issue of regional aid – my final point – I would also stress what Mr <unk> has said , but I would like to add an aspect that has not been mentioned : it would not make sense also to take State aid away from regions that stop receiving Structural Funds as a result of natural growth , and not just for statistical reasons , as the rapporteur has said .
Greece &apos; s accession to the third phase of EMU , which is to be decided at the European Council in Feira , will only reinforce <unk> and anti-grass roots policies , despite the Greek Government &apos; s attempt to <unk> it as a triumph for our country .
I hope we will have sufficient opportunities to do that at a later stage .
So who is this then ?
This is a sign that calls for decisive action , especially as the governments of EU Member States are often keen to take the credit for positive initiatives ( including those backed by the Commission ) , while they blame ‘ Brussels bureaucrats ’ for negative , unpopular or unsuccessful decisions .
In recital <unk> , after referring to the worrying situation of unemployment within the Union , the claim is made that immigration is needed in order to tackle the direct implications for the current labour market .
Mr President , this excellent motion for a resolution by our colleague , Mr Herzog , has the merit of inciting a debate on the practical ways of bringing about citizen participation , as well as that of organizations and social players , in the process of European construction .
The euro must be regarded as the engine driving economic and social progress .
What we should be demanding , however , is that the ground rules governing world trade must be focused upon the needs of people here in Europe and in developing countries .
Its responsibilities have increased with its peace-keeping role and I know from my own experience in Sri Lanka from where I brought thousands of documents about disappeared people , that the United Nations needs more money .
If that is what it is going to be like , then we would rather not have the directive at all .
It is on this problem that we must focus our efforts — for a start , by declaring the Code to be legally binding .
Their answer has made it possible for the Finnish Presidency to prepare a report containing nine indicators , together with recommendations .
Following on from that question , Commissioner , I should like to raise the issue of derogation and the issue of regulations that are being unilaterally applied by some countries that have not applied for derogation .
What I need to do is to ask you to accept your own responsibility .
We consider , therefore , following the discussion in second reading , that it is appropriate to <unk> these three amendments , including the technical one .
We should apply our combined European common sense now .
Firstly , I would like to express my thanks to Members for their interest in this proposal and especially to Mrs <unk> , the rapporteur , for her constructive work .
They have all been persuaded !
It accounts for two million deaths a year , 95 % of them in developing countries ; it is the leading cause of HIV deaths ; one infected person can pass it on to ten others .
The Committee on Petitions has received a large number of petitions on the matter and this demonstrates the urgency with which this situation must be tackled in order to establish Europe effectively as an open place for culture , the professions and European citizens .
We are convinced that , under your authority , the next Commission will be capable of re-establishing that trust which has always been a fundamental asset as far as European integration is concerned .
For example , they must be prepared to <unk> Article 200 .
<unk> long telecommunications <unk> is an expensive business .
Now that we are about to vote on one more we have to wonder about the point of this type of action .
On agriculture , growth in expenditure can only be limited to 0.5 % if the Commission proposal to cut per hectare aid for cereal producers is adopted .
Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking the rapporteur , Mr Van Velzen , as well as the draftsmen for the other committees , for having presented a report which is constructive and certainly of great interest , despite being somewhat critical in places .
Perhaps , contrary to expectations – I will not blame this time , gentlemen – I could link poverty with our desire to fulfil the role that you can only <unk> <unk> us , the role of a mother .
Of course , it has happened time and time again and we must do something to try and control this .
Secondly , we have an ideal of Europe , which is the ideal of subsidiarity .
We must have the full and fair implementation of the Copenhagen criteria in political and economic matters .
The victims of long-term unemployment and social exclusion , and there are over 60 million of them , and European workers as a whole , have no intention of showing themselves to be <unk> supportive &apos; , &apos; adaptable &apos; , &apos; <unk> &apos; and <unk> &apos; in their choices , as you will have them be .
I believe this is necessary in equal measure for competitiveness and success , and for creating new jobs .
I have had 450 other meetings in this European Parliament .
– Mr President , I too would like to take this opportunity to explain why I voted against this motion for a resolution against racist and <unk> violence .
Mr President , 70 % of European people do not want to eat GM food , but we are all eating it <unk> .
The fact is that the extent of the committee &apos;s recommendations was made necessary by the scale of the responsibilities incurred by the Commission , the Council and , of course , the British Government .
The UN has called on the international community to provide urgent financial assistance to the tune of USD 500 million , but the countries affected by the disaster have received only 20 % of the anticipated figure , even though over one month has passed since the earthquake took place .
We feel that , before the Van Miert list is approved , a proper cost-benefit assessment needs to be carried out on the trans-European networks proposed at Essen ; we need to promote a European transport plan which <unk> the restoration of existing lines , reinforcement of regional networks and the fight to achieve <unk> of urban traffic ; we need to consult the local bodies and authorities in the spirit of the Aarhus Convention and <unk> the interests of the economic promoters who are behind major infrastructure .
State assistance to that end should be encouraged most strongly .
We appreciate that no major breakthrough on any of the important issues at the IGC is likely until after the British general election .
What is in fact missing , however , is the concrete implementation of measures to combat this .
But I think it must be possible to combine competition , subsidiarity and political <unk> on the ground .
That brings me to the main objective of the framework programme on energy , which is to ensure the cohesion , transparency and productivity of coordinated action in the context of our energy policy .
This is a recipe for social and economic <unk> and environmental disaster .
This would not only be time-consuming but certainly more expensive than the amounts envisaged for the yearly contributions .
For example , as regards the subject under discussion , an extensive <unk> which is currently served by a large number of ports could start channelling traffic to just a few of them in order to ensure that they meet the more stringent eligibility criteria .
For my part , I refuse to give in to <unk> .
That is why , despite its inadequacy , I voted in favour of this amendment to the rules , because , being unable to prohibit any form of financial support , it makes its <unk> compulsory .
A precise <unk> of the new priority sectors , where closer and more organized cooperation could be of mutual advantage , should be drawn up as a matter of urgent necessity .
I now hand the floor to Mr Barnier , who will speak on behalf of the Commission .
As already indicated by the Tampere European Council , the mutual recognition principle is the cornerstone of judicial cooperation in both civil and criminal matters .
Mr Purvis &apos; reasoning is perfectly understandable and logical .
Let us wait for the new proposals in the area of <unk> to prove their worth and let us maintain the option of carrying out a genuine scientific evaluation of a medicinal product , five years after it has been placed on the market , in the case of a new medicine .
My second appeal is as follows .
Anyone wishing to breathe life into the section of the EU Treaty which refers to a high level of consumer protection must , to my mind , be in favour of this report .
Would that not help ?
This really will not do .
They presented their preliminary findings to our committee .
So my warmest thanks .
There are political forces - we have just seen them here - which disagree with the constitutional model given to us by the Spanish .
For that we owe our thanks to the Commission , and especially to Mr Bangemann .
That is , is the European Union going to ensure that the conditions for the enlargement of the Schengen area are in place by next year as far as the European Union is concerned ?
If that does not change , and if science in Brussels does not acquire a stronger lobby equivalent to that of other sectors , then it will continue to find things difficult in future as well .
Was there complicity , thus taking advantage of the ignorance of cattle breeders and <unk> consumers who , in every case , will pay for an affair for which they are in no way responsible ?
There have been many reports , yet little has changed in the many years I have been in this Parliament .
The proposed European regulation does not do justice to the reasons why those pension reserves were created .
Mr <unk> &apos;s excellent report , which is also technically outstanding , is therefore a highly important document in view of the need to provide economic actors and citizens with information as efficiently as possible .
Parliament &apos;s resolution must now add something to this unusual situation in order to fill the vacuum a little .
Precisely for that reason , we must do everything we can to give valuable assistance for this rapprochement .
That is the alarming figure taken from the excellent report by my colleague from the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe , Mrs Maria <unk> .
If it carried out this threat , it would create a constitutional problem for the Union &apos;s legislator , which is the Council and Parliament which , since 1988 has , I repeat , constantly requested a directive based on Article 100a .
We were supposed to get half way ; we barely covered a third of the ground .
Both humanitarian and development <unk> arise .
The Council , however , has refused to accept even the slightest gesture towards the ACP countries , despite the position and positive actions taken by the UK Presidency , to which I can bear witness .
Together with many of my colleagues in the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , I took up a firm position on this report .
This is a threat to security , to our democracies and to the foundations of our civilisation ; more specifically respect for human dignity , liberty , democracy , equality , respect for the law and respect for human rights are under threat .
With that I would have no disagreement .
Mr President , I am ashamed today !
Without the restrictions and rules proposed by the Commission , there could not be any competition between the different systems in Europe and we would end up with a kind of catch as catch can .
On the contrary , I said we fully understood those reasons , and that she has our every sympathy .
The <unk> , early on , made it clear to the public at large that frontloading over a short period would not be a problem provided it could be ensured that the money <unk> to banks , for instance , or other organisations is not brought into circulation before 1 January 2000 - into general circulation that is .
A number of experts has <unk> that the nature of that contamination makes it almost inconceivable that it was spread deliberately .
Ireland has a lot to do in this particular area and anything that can help us to collect our minds and deliver – as we must as a nation – is to be welcomed .
However , the option to engage in forestry activity can also be a very constructive and environmentally friendly mechanism for farmers to increase their existing income .
One advantage is that these plants only need to make the investment once , in other words it can all be done at one fell <unk> .
Commissioner Van den Broek , and my remarks are also addressed to Commissioner Kinnock , we simply must devise a new system for informing Parliament of the negotiations which the Commission <unk> is required to conduct .
That responsibility , as the rapporteur has said , has to be shared .
Mr President , Commissioner , I am to talk about defence procurement and should like to say thank you to Mr <unk> for his report on this issue .
I believe - like Mrs Bonino - that it is essential that we are very careful about what we say .
In concrete terms , this first step towards <unk> powers for the Union also constitutes a major move towards a federal Europe .
They are making huge profits and we here are benefiting from those profits .
The position at present is as follows .
We have many tasks ahead of us , and I am proud that Europe is able to cope with them !
It is up to all of us to reassure and convince people , and that is what will enable our fellow citizens to embrace the Constitution which is indispensable to a Union of twenty-five Member States .
The proposal covers only six <unk> and only in <unk> <unk> .
Subject : Amsterdam Treaty In the Council &apos;s <unk> , when will it be possible for the Amsterdam Treaty to enter into force ?
The Council has moreover put forward some highly commendable modifications , such as the <unk> of the criteria concerning the length of training , giving priority to practical experience .
Those are his ideas .
So , what are we to do ?
Finally , a completely different point .
Since we can see that indeed no such action has been agreed within the IMO , I hope very much that the Commission will go ahead and initiate such actions without further delay .
The report on breast cancer in the European Union is excellent , and the Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party has therefore voted in favour of this .
The interests of the <unk> industry should not be set up against people &apos;s health .
I believe that if the Council and the Commission will not act , it is the job of this House by demanding the establishment of a committee of inquiry into the misuse of funds to prevent the systematic abuse of funds for private gain and profit .
On behalf of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party , I should like to report on the positions we have adopted .
In Europe we have a rapid development of vehicles driven by alternative methods , such as electric vehicles and <unk> vehicles .
That is why it is <unk> .
It includes isolation and possibly maltreatment of Mr <unk> on grounds which appear to <unk> down to professional <unk> on his part or perhaps to professional misconduct seven years ago .
Trade is regulated by various WTO treaties .
But its success should not lead us to lower our guard .
They need to be simplified .
Are there any comments ?
I wish to thank the rapporteurs , in this regard , for highlighting the importance of striking a balance between the economic dimension , on the one hand , and employment and social protection on the other .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , the central question in this debate is what is now the best way of ensuring that the reforms , particularly in the area of justice and in the fight against corruption and organised crime , are sustained beyond 2007 .
After the nomination of a new President of the Commission by the European Council , the newly elected European Parliament will approve a new Commission that should take office on 1 November 2004 .
I should like to take this opportunity to thank Mrs Dührkop Dührkop - for being a sympathetic <unk> , for examining our proposals and for her excellent cooperation - and also the chairman of the Committee on Budgets , Mr Samland , for his patience in the face of my <unk> .
The vote will take place today at 12 noon .
In 2003 , an accessibility control was carried out at the European Parliament .
( <unk> applause ) We are pleased to welcome them to this House on the occasion of <unk> <unk> &apos; s first visit to Europe , at the invitation of the European Parliament .
Faced with so much hypocrisy and cynicism , we prefer to abstain .
Since prostitution was <unk> in the Netherlands there has been explosive growth in the child sex trade .
I cannot rule out that I might have forgotten to sign in .
The selling of children amounts to a counterproductive waste of a country ’ s potential , undermining the very meaning of family support .
However , Amendment No 66 , which calls for charges to be set at a level which encourages the attainment of environmental objectives , is very helpful and can of course be accepted .
His contribution was short and sweet but at this stage most of the talking has been done .
( NL ) The fisheries agreements which the EU concludes with developing countries are bad for the environment and bad for those countries .
No .
Human rights are , unfortunately , <unk> <unk> even in our partner countries .
This will allow the broad guidelines on European research , which we adopted in last May &apos;s part-session , to be implemented in the best possible conditions .
For this reason , we regret the <unk> absence in the text of any reference whatsoever to the European Resistance , which played a significant part in the defeat of <unk> and in establishing freedom in this continent .
A second point we made is that we absolutely must strengthen the system of recognition of studies pursued abroad , what is known as the <unk> system .
Another is that French people no longer feel safe when using public transport because of security fears and because they are intimidated by the <unk> who go on the <unk> on it .
The Albanian political elite has to make greater efforts to combat corruption and pave the way for economic , political and legal development .
In its <unk> No 2 / 2004 on the ‘ single audit ’ model , the Court proposed the creation of a common internal audit framework including every level of administration , whether Community institutions , Member States and recipient countries .
Mr President , I would like to comment on the point about <unk> ; I find that interesting .
What <unk> me , however , is that these references alone will not promote respect for women &apos;s rights in practice and that no reference to this issue was made either by the President-in-Office or by you , Commissioner , who are a champion of women &apos;s rights and have <unk> your flag to the <unk> of respect for the principle of equality in the Community &apos;s foreign relations .
As a result , we must acknowledge what the Council has done and particularly the German Presidency .
An effective system of international governance and justice is one that brings to justice those who have committed crimes against humanity .
A deciding factor in this context is mutual confidence in the Member States ’ legal and judicial systems .
Nonetheless I continue to have concerns , about liability , for instance .
As Chairman of the Delegation to the <unk> Joint Parliamentary Committee , this is a matter of some importance to me .
That would mean distinguishing between the sale of arms to countries that would use them to abuse human rights and the sale of arms to countries that may have a dubious record but , nonetheless , have a legitimate external security concern .
In its relations with the countries of South-East Europe the EU is striving to promote stability , democracy , the rule of law and respect for human and minority rights , including of course gender equality .
A final thought for now .
Some of us have fought for years for this common statute , but it was never our aim to sacrifice everything in order to achieve a common statute at any price .
However , it should be noted that representatives of the Group of <unk> for a Europe of Nations were not included .
I reject this directive completely .
In parallel , the European Union has , under the Montreal protocol , submitted a proposal to all the industrialized countries , and this is also under discussion .
It is unacceptable that , as is at present the case , 25 % of the money should go <unk> .
And on those lines , we should support international political action through political means , based on two considerations : firstly , that what is happening in Kosovo is not by any means an internal problem , since in matters of democratic principles , human rights and human life there is of course no right of sovereignty ; and secondly , any solution for Kosovo should be developed within the context of the existing borders , if we do not want to create further problems .
Mr President , I would like , as others have done , to congratulate the rapporteur Mr Böge on his work .
With more invested in research , innovation and education , the single market <unk> the wealth which pays for our social policy .
Fourthly : this results in another principle whereby the countries which joined later have a fair chance of <unk> up with those that began earlier .
We have recently concluded an <unk> Agreement on customs cooperation .
Nobody is going to be <unk> into anything .
My country deserves better and it will get better !
There are two reports , the <unk> report and the <unk> report , drawn up by Olympic champions .
We are therefore unable to support the resolution , either .
The Commission is urged to conduct an in-depth study of <unk> threats to the environment in Europe and to draw up a green paper on military activities affecting the environment .
As regards the strategy promoting the accession of new Member States , we have reduced the payments by EUR <unk> million .
We hope very much that the agreement will contribute to prosperity , from which all will benefit , and on this basis I hope that it will get the full support of this House .
Mr President , I should like to start by thanking Mr Florenz , Chairman of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , for having initiated this debate on Natura 2000 .
I will be coming back to this .
On security and stability , in the name of the dogmatic fight against terrorism , the Commission will continue with its plans to destroy freedom and to <unk> immigrants .
Mr President , to some people ’ s annoyance it would seem , there has been press freedom in Spain for a long time .
We know that in the Netherlands there are authorised treatment centres in place to collect <unk> vehicles and this process should be extended across the length and breadth of the European Union .
But there too , of course , we can wait and see .
Thank you , Mr <unk> .
To me , this Commission strategy paper for the next five years reads like a scientific paper on the European Union or a declaration of principle .
Mr Ford has gone into great detail on the reasons why this agency should be set up .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the introduction of our new single currency calls for optimal accompanying <unk> measures .
<unk> would be able to supply medicines at more favourable prices if volume purchasing applied .
<unk> , the development aid provided by the EU and its Member States to the world &apos;s poorest countries is sometimes not even sufficient to cover the cost of servicing their external debt .
According to the <unk> report , the motor industry is therefore required , in a realistic and technically feasible space of time , to adapt to the specific limits laid down by the directive while , with the Hautala report , we can go further than the common position , maintaining the modifications introduced by the Committee on the Environment , aimed mainly at establishing stricter limits for petrol and diesel .
I think it is an excellent initiative because it supports those who commit themselves on a daily basis to the fight for freedom and put their own lives at risk to tell the world what is happening in vast areas of the <unk> <unk> Countries or even - it is worth <unk> - in Eastern Europe .
Because to make the Euro , it is necessary to have <unk> public finances .
That is obviously something which needs very careful consideration .
Yet it is only by coherent European action that we can confront the threats and seize the opportunities of globalisation .
Personally , I do not believe it is possible , in the medium or long-term , to contrast the policy of the Federal Bank in the United States with the policy of the <unk> in Germany .
Finally , <unk> does not become the European Union as a community of values and economic power where human rights are concerned .
Perhaps we could approve the report tomorrow and still put it to the Assembly ?
Rather , the issue is the direction thus indicated in which the budgetary policy of the individual Member States should move .
This surely is no way for the Union to proceed .
It must be emphasised that the attitude of employees and employers , who are the main participants in preventive measures , is of fundamental importance .
Secondly , I was rather surprised that the report on the year 2004 made absolutely no reference to postal markets .
Mrs Berès made that same point a little while ago .
Mr President , we started this year with an urgent meeting of the representatives of the EU States concerning the supply of gas from Russia .
But we were also able to speak with one voice in Bonn , which led to better results , and we <unk> united .
So it is extremely difficult for the associations to take action internationally without major support from the European Union .
That is not all by a long way .
But for five years now , I have been asking for proposals so that things can perhaps be resolved to the benefit of small <unk> , and I am still waiting .
A short and comprehensible EU constitution .
Madam President , I would ask you to communicate our feelings and our solidarity to the families of the victims and the injured , with the conviction that the European Commission and this Parliament are demonstrating their concern for the quality and maintenance of the safety of air transport , as the debate we are holding this very Tuesday will show , when the European Commission presents its reports on this subject .
I ask for the Member &apos;s understanding for this small delay in the Commission &apos;s decision .
Its two pillars must be made consistent in order to guarantee farmers a decent income , the major part of which must be based on the price of products .
Firstly , I thank Mrs Doyle for the question .
Concerning the deletion of the principle according to which when officials give evidence they speak as representatives of their administration , the Commission does not wish to be dogmatic , but we do feel that it is important for officials not to speak simply as individuals .
I can give you some examples : the number of vacant posts in the Commission must not exceed 4 % , the new posts are to be allocated exclusively to citizens of the new Member States , the Commissioners must respect the code of conduct that they agreed at the beginning of their term of office – particularly with regard to ‘ <unk> ’ , as we always call it – and , last but not least , the Commission must , in our opinion , give its full attention to the implementation of the budget .
That case is pending before the Court of Justice under <unk> number <unk> / 95 .
I therefore say yes to this Institute , but it must serve a genuine purpose .
It is not acceptable , when products have been placed on the market contrary to health regulations , for this to be declared the result of a production accident and the products withdrawn under covert or open <unk> schemes so that they will simply be forgotten .
I allow myself to issue this warning because the restoration of trust which you yourself , Professor Prodi , have quite rightly demanded naturally depends too upon your heading a Commission which can go to work unimpeded by <unk> of this kind .
It is very much a matter of enlightening people ’ s attitudes both in the West and elsewhere .
We want the nuclear family .
We cannot ignore the possible use of joint implementation .
The criminal elements who exploit people by using them as human waste disposal units must be punished .
As far as sanctions , supervision and control are concerned , Mr Katiforis has already said that these are not enough .
On the other hand , however , if we approve this action on socio-economic grounds we can also call upon the Commission to satisfy the requirement for sustainable development and compliance with internationally recommended minimum standards .
The protocol is important for the EU fishing industry , which <unk> and uses the port of Abidjan to land their catches from the whole region and not only from <unk> waters .
But I am sure the Commission was already aware that we will continue to keep a very close eye on this .
Monday and Tuesday : While we ought to support it in its desire to draw closer to the European Union , we cannot do so unless it <unk> fundamental human rights and moves towards pluralism and democracy .
It is shameful that nobody is here representing the Council .
So it has been a rather unusual experience for me today to find a <unk> being urged .
This results in their sale and export abroad as slaves .
There is no need for me to do so , however , since they have congratulated themselves enough , given themselves a <unk> <unk> on the back , which , in my view , did seem a little excessive .
It is crucial that governance is improved at an institutional level .
It is within that procedure that we need legal initiatives , for it is not you and your fellow Commissioner , together with the highly qualified and well motivated staff of the Commission , nor indeed the national governments , but we , the Members of the European Parliament , who enjoy the legitimacy conferred by election .
I speak of consistency because that is the most difficult concept to guarantee at this time .
The way in which he has formulated this in his report is also excellent .
It appears that , evidently , no Friday is important enough for these people to turn up .
Madam President , can I say we have made enormous progress over the last three years in terms of relations with the <unk> .
The reason , as I said , is that there do not yet exist any assessments of the genuine reconstruction requirements .
There are already a number of non-binding legal instruments which were adopted within this field of policy before this policy area was transferred to community law .
It is intended that the first of these conferences will be held for Lithuania at the beginning of the year 2000 .
We would never have thought otherwise .
The Ombudsman &apos;s annual report also demonstrates , among other things , the efforts being made by the Ombudsman to extend and <unk> the network of national and regional <unk> by developing exchanges of information and best practices .
It is obvious that to reduce social security contributions - and that is the specific idea , Mr President - we have to start thinking whether the VAT we have , which is <unk> immediately from capital goods , is appropriate in this employment situation .
I am sure that in the autumn you will be able to confirm the date of 1 January 2007 for accession , with no further conditions .
The Union cannot have a <unk> system of <unk> and <unk> States , or several individual or <unk> <unk> States , <unk> two faces to the world .
Mr President , this motion for a resolution comes straight from the heart .
Furthermore , Article <unk> applies only to developing countries , and the EU does not have its own definition of developing countries , which it has <unk> from the OECD .
We do agree , of course , with the principle that it is necessary to create trans-European networks for the people of Europe , for the movement of people and goods , for economic and social cohesion and for rail alternatives to the <unk> motorway .
These men and women are the <unk> , the <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Nelson <unk> of our times .
In this context , there are four things to which I attach particular importance .
Thank you very much , Mr Dini .
In this respect , the Nice Summit sent out some very positive signals .
In application of the agreement , the Conference of Presidents will receive Mr Barroso in two days ’ time to hear about the proposals that the Commission has announced for this year directly from him .
On my own behalf and on behalf of this <unk> , I too would like to express my gratitude to the Luxembourg Presidency .
It is no good agreeing a Charter of Rights at the highest level if individual citizens who are <unk> by a state have no effective remedy .
It has an influence over the Palestinians and it should exercise that influence .
To this end all regional aid is made conditional on the maintenance of the investment in question for a minimum period of five years .
The fact that we have this democratic deficit does not mean that we have to bring the national aspect more into play , but that we need all the things we are demanding in this House , such as more democratic institutions , or else we will come to utterly false conclusions and hand Europe &apos;s citizens over to precisely those things that the European democracies and the people who care about diversity do not want , that is , being ruled unilaterally by powers subject to no control , in this instance economic forces .
In addition , there are times when Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner fails to speak out , especially when it comes to regions and countries that are seen as strategic partners for the EU .
No one can claim any glory from the present problem , not the United Kingdom Government and most certainly not Mr <unk> - I would not defend them for one moment - nor the Commission or the Council .
Mr President , I voted against the Colom i Naval report , in particular for the procedural reasons that were mentioned at the time of the vote and which I mentioned myself .
On the parts of the <unk> Wogau report concerning alcohol policy we have voted in accordance with the views outlined above .
The Commission deeply deplores and condemns this situation and calls all parties in the conflict to respect humanitarian law and principles .
Thank you .
In instances where these basic principles are violated , the Commission will not propose even opening negotiations with such a country .
This is totally unacceptable .
I would remind the House that deciding whether something is performing well , or whether those running businesses are adhering rather too <unk> to healthy free-market principles , is no job for social dialogue .
It urgently called on Turkey to demonstrate the utmost restraint , to respect human rights and to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq as soon as possible .
This , Mr President , is highly undemocratic and unworthy of this House .
Work will begin on 1 January 2004 under a partnership arrangement to set up a national contact point for the European Information Network on Drugs and Drug <unk> and to encourage the development and implementation of a national strategy on drugs .
There is , at the moment , no independent judiciary , there is no free television , and the political opposition has been totally marginalised .
Measures in the EU must , however , adapt to the BSE situation prevailing in Member States in compliance with the general policy contained in this Regulation .
So may I ask once again for a very precise answer , because many Members of Parliament , and I too , regard your answer to this question as highly important .
The fact that the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and the Council take the same view shows how important it is to maintain a strong common agricultural policy which is seen by all our citizens to be implemented <unk> , and which we now need to endorse .
When it comes to the appropriations for the development of rural <unk> , the Council has accepted the Commission &apos;s preliminary draft budget .
It is for that reason that I hope that he has read the report ’ s demands and will later tell us which of them he endorses .
Many countries in the Andean region have faced serious political and institutional crises in recent years , but events in Bolivia have shown it to be a particularly fragile and vulnerable state , not least because it is one of the poorest , least-developed and most unequal South American countries .
.
A number of Members have made reference to this amendment already .
Mr President , Mrs Schroeder mentioned the case of Mr <unk> .
Mr President , first of all I should like to begin by congratulating you on behalf of all our Group and making a pledge to you to develop the good impetus which already came from the previous president , Mr Hänsch , and which we positively enhanced .
( Loud applause ) Mr President , I should like to support Mr Gutiérrez Díaz , who always <unk> over Question Time exceptionally well .
( IT ) We can only agree on the perspective presented : the priorities of the accession of ten new States and stability and sustainable growth cannot be denied or rejected .
Our proposal is as follows .
Millions of cases are affected day after day .
The new text will also improve the necessary openness of the programme .
Opinions on whether it is good or bad to sign or not to sign , on whether Members should vote one way or another , may be very interesting , but they have no place at this point in the procedure .
In this connection , I should like to stress once more that opposition to this is not about stopping the free movement of services and labour , but about the conditions under which such movement is supposed to take place .
Is it that easy to decide what needs to be done about shipping under an urgent procedure ?
I am asking you officially , Mr President , at this point , to postpone the entire debate and vote until the next Parliamentary sitting .
The first intervention takes place when Parliament expresses its opinion on the reports of the Commission and the European Monetary Institute , which will be ready on 24 March 1998 .
<unk> areas can be listed in which voting by qualified majority is to be introduced , areas such as the appointment of members to the Committee of the Regions .
I have read few reports - even from the Commission - that have been <unk> so full of three and <unk> <unk> .
This explains why it is necessary for the retention or otherwise of the <unk> ceiling of 20 % to be evaluated thoroughly .
I acknowledge the efforts made by the Commissioner and her departments in speeding things up but I think that the Commissioner must understand that unless there is a further speeding up of processes in DG <unk> , the Commission will have to be responsible for the lesser use of Community funds and the lower rates of execution in the second Community support framework .
You are giving your opinion on the future of <unk> relations and we have been looking forward to this .
We must therefore expect a decrease in cotton production and we are aware that this reform will require adjustments on the part of the sector .
As a result we now have substantially more competition .
I have in mind unborn children , the elderly and the seriously ill . As the European Parliament itself has already emphasized , after all .
The debate is closed .
There can be no doubt that the job of the Parliament tomorrow is without further ado to vote through the report unanimously .
For example , will the <unk> David <unk> , who is currently unjustly imprisoned in Austria for a thought crime , be regarded , when he returns to his country , which we hope will happen soon , as a criminal and persistent <unk> , when he is doubtless the greatest British Second World War <unk> ?
However , a lack of information about the social and economic consequences means that it is not always appropriate to introduce legally binding requirements at the present time .
All the different actions are set out in the biomass action plan and the biofuels strategy , which must be put on track this year .
The Committee on Culture , Youth , Education and the Media , on whose behalf I speak here , takes the view that culture has to be seen as a separate issue .
The debate is closed .
<unk> in sport cannot be controlled at national level as it is a worldwide phenomenon .
Either we really change policy , in employment and career procedures , or we cannot see the matter through to its conclusion .
We do not have a point of order , we have a new procedure .
– Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to congratulate the rapporteur and say that the European Commission has for several months been launching a series of very important actions for the recovery of fisheries resources that are suffering serious deterioration .
The preparatory work by the Commission has not yet reached the stage of examining the impact of a common consolidated tax base on different regions within Member States .
.
Madam President , I would ask the House to accept Mr Galeote &apos;s apologies .
It is the Commission &apos;s duty to report the well-known distorting effects of duty-free sales , particularly with regard to the various means of transport , where in the Union in general trains and buses compete with sea and air transport , the latter two <unk> from the possibility of offering duty-free sales .
That will be the spirit of the recommendations , to avoid as far as possible the need to pass through a more regulatory and therefore more restrictive phase .
Out of fear that some of the negotiators might have <unk> at the last minute , once they became more aware of the challenges at stake , just as they were negotiating some vital articles ( including that on which the <unk> agreement submitted for our approval <unk> ) of a Treaty adopted at the Amsterdam Summit , despite the reputation of that text ?
Indeed , in the past few months I have been <unk> a PPE-DE working group dealing with specific aspects of demographic change .
As a result , a considerable number of journalists were attacked and beaten up by the police , and pictures of this scene were transmitted by all the television companies .
In any event , mass movements of people will be dealt with under a fairer global policy to reduce inequalities and resolve differences using peaceful means .
But the big question for us is whether it will be possible to show that the European Union , and the other major parties to the Protocol , are prepared to take decisions without the United States .
Everyone had the time and the opportunity to express their opinions and comments .
The Commission proposal is justified in this respect .
We still remember well several customs people telling us that the various regulations of the common agricultural policy are virtually an invitation to <unk> .
I would also , however , like to say that this economic project is not at odds with a constitutional treaty ; on the contrary , the latter creates the conditions without which the former cannot succeed , by creating better decision-making structures , greater transparency and more participation for the public .
I would be interested to hear how that is being managed .
We have already discussed your 1991 proposal .
The <unk> are perfectly clear and consist of three elements .
What , for example , is the Algerian Government doing here to persuade those parties which do not want to cooperate ?
In Scotland we have had some success in this , although we also have some lessons to learn from it .
The Commission can also unreservedly support those amendments which increase the powers of the executive director and the provisions that aim to facilitate his or her appointment .
Is being <unk> , however , a crime ?
We believe that fundamental and basic science must be one of the great priorities .
In any case , the question this raises more than ever is the issue of the democratic control of international institutions , if we wish to avoid harmful consequences for the people .
However , the negotiations on the long-term recovery plan will be tough .
I also feel that there is room for further reflection on the development of health and safety protection at work .
What is in it ?
The application of the Community rules on the free movement of workers in sport was decided by the European Court of Justice in the 1974 <unk> case , in which the Court held that sport was subject to Community law when it constitutes an economic activity , whether by professional or <unk> <unk> .
This is no paradox .
The policy on women is not separate , it is not completely isolated , but , according to the Commission , it should be the inspiration of all its own policies .
As I see it , the situation continues to be intolerable , and it is one that we need to do something about .
I would like to make it clear to the House that I had hoped this text would be agreed with the Council , and I did my best to ensure agreement , as this would have enabled the text to be adopted at first reading .
What is happening here is that we have looked at all sides of it and we have come down , on balance , in favour of employment .
As I see it , our priority should be to demand a fair trial .
What is all this talk of the invasion of Chinese products into the Member States trying to hide ?
In itself that is hardly surprising .
It is only with a clear political will that sufficient staff will be allocated in national administrations to solve problems within deadlines and to get the word out to businesses and citizens .
I have been involved in the meat industry for a number of years myself .
Mr President , I need a <unk> .
Up to now the obligations of air carriers , as the rapporteur said , have been governed basically by the <unk> Warsaw Convention .
The naive immediately seize on ready-made solutions which the Commission hands out to them : more Community regulations !
So far as the alleged failure of the French authorities to fulfil their responsibilities under Community law is concerned , on the driving hours regulations that will bear further consideration .
I would therefore like , in this spirit , Mr President , to wish you good luck .
As regards the controversial question of whether supplementary pension systems should cover biometric risks , I want to point out that , from the fiscal point of view , pension funds which do not cover these risks cannot be discriminated against as compared with those which do cover them , it being understood that the need to cover these risks depends on the extent of the first pillar in the various countries .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , my question concerns the last part of your intervention .
Of course , when agreement is reached within the Council , any proposal by Parliament which goes against this comes to be seen as a threat to an agreement that has been reached , sometimes in <unk> and which may hang in the balance .
To this day , though , it is unclear in which countries these prisons were situated , and whether any of them were in the European Union .
However , the new decisions by the Chinese authorities may mean that a democratic handover of Hong Kong in respect of human rights on 1 July 1997 will be possible , if the letter of <unk> agreements is respected .
Secondly , Mr Corbett &apos;s report suggests that , if the Commission were to undertake a new legislative initiative , because it thought it would be impossible to overcome its disagreement with Parliament simply by amending its text , the text prepared by the Commission would be <unk> applicable until the adoption of the new legislative text .
The Spanish Minister for Foreign Affairs wrote to inform me of the opinion of the Spanish Council of State , in other words , that it is the task of the <unk> authority to submit requests for <unk> of immunity .
Whilst Mrs Schroedter rightly stresses the <unk> inherent in the economic and social cohesion policy , <unk> the scale of the disparities that remain , <unk> <unk> her to mention the pernicious effects that the single currency will surely have on the balance between regions .
All of us here remember that on many occasions down the years we have stood in this House and condemned the violence .
As regards the reasons for amending the Directive , the Commission maintains that there may be grounds , in an area in full <unk> of development , to look again at a directive which has its origins in the 1980s , although it was not adopted until 1990 .
It is therefore premature to anticipate its final conclusions .
Is it the fishing industry and , if so , in which countries does the fishing industry want permission for higher limit values for the heavy <unk> at issue here : lead , cadmium and mercury ?
The Turkish Government &apos;s record on respect for human rights does not justify it being treated in this way , since it is increasingly violating the human rights of its citizens and especially those of the Kurdish people .
The result is a resolution which is acceptable as a compromise but which we might have liked to be marked and inspired by greater optimism so as to send Turkey a more positive message , as Commissioner Verheugen advocated too , despite the fact that this country still has a great deal to do and many changes and innovations to make before it can hope to join the European Union , as the resolution rightly states .
I was very surprised this morning listening to Mrs Roth-Behrendt to hear her say that she believed the Committee on the Environment took an entirely different view .
These are citizens from Scotland where after 110 days of detention any person charged with an offence must either be brought to trial or released and never again charged with that offence .
It has not done so .
After the words ‘ neighbourhood policy ’ the words ‘ is not least ’ need to be added .
For example , during the first oil crisis in 1973 in principle all the industrialised countries should have tackled the problem in the same way as they were all similarly affected .
On the other hand , these subsidies are never going to make it to a certain proportion of the population affected by this <unk> : to Mrs <unk> , who <unk> a <unk> , to Mr <unk> , who <unk> electrical goods , or to the traditional <unk> who are carrying out their work in the Galician training workshop in <unk> because there will be no boats to repair .
We are at the heart of a nation &apos; s right to make its own decisions .
However , we should spare no efforts in pointing out the ethically motivated limits that have been set , to which the Parliament has always attached importance .
Madam President , I , too , find the proposal disappointing .
How were they able to do that ?
There must be clear labelling of the contents , which should also be appropriate to the animals to which they are fed .
It is clear , of course , that not every kind of networking or connection to a network will automatically make for greater security , since certain problems can be carried over from one area to another , but , on the whole , if the electricity grid and the networks supplying natural gas and oil are made stronger , it becomes easier to compensate for them .
In the same way , we must look at conflict prevention and crisis management in the context of our new European security policy .
I still believe that is a good suggestion .
So it is the Member States , or the <unk> , or the ambassadors , who inform their own governments which are supposed to inform their own sector .
Future regulation must therefore take into account the long-term competitiveness of the car industry and the need for manufacturers to be able to sell their products and similar products in Europe and on the whole world market .
Then the proposal was made for a European armaments agency to combine our capacities , and our friends and allies on the other side of the Atlantic objected to that .
It is not sufficient to organise development cooperation .
The continuing support of the European Union will be critical if we are to meet the new challenges presented by the agreement .
So we want to maintain the existing article .
How can these be reduced ?
When this Parliament convened its hearings on <unk> &apos;s inhuman exploitation of the <unk> peoples in Nigeria last year , little did we think that we would so soon <unk> <unk> equivalent allegations against other European oil companies - British <unk> and Total of France in the <unk> region of Colombia from where our delegation has just returned : weekly oil <unk> , water contamination , chemical <unk> , illegal sites and the invasion of protected forest - all admitted by local <unk> officials ; and where <unk> describe fish <unk> dead in polluted <unk> and livestock <unk> from <unk> on polluted fields and where the government &apos;s Environment Minister <unk> that he prefers the oil revenues to fight a war to the environmental improvements to build a peace .
At the same time , they need to make further efforts , in particular to strengthen the rule of law , to improve public administration and the justice system , to fight corruption and to protect vulnerable groups effectively .
But you know and can rely on the fact that the European Parliament is on your side on the Kosovo question and in seeking ways to resolve the conflict , as it must be resolved !
We are at the end of a parliamentary term and want , if possible , to come to an agreement at first reading , so that we will not have to start from the beginning again when the House <unk> , going through first reading again and then debating the common position .
However , we do not wish to hide the fact that we have grave misgivings about the approach which has been adopted .
Despite the efforts made by this Parliament and the Commission , as referred to by the rapporteur in his report , little progress has been made so far on the activities to replace the present VAT transitional regulation by a final regulation based on tax in the country of origin .
Finally , we should not underestimate the lack of capacity in these Member States , nor the lack of capacity amongst their citizens .
The options created as a result only amount to 10 % .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , the service sector is far and away the most important sector in the European economy .
When Mr <unk> was assassinated , Mr Netanyahu established further <unk> , and hopes of peace grew <unk> .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 2001 ) by Mrs Kauppi on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs on the Commission communication on the training and recruitment of seafarers &#91; COM ( 2001 ) <unk> - <unk> / 2001 - 2001 / <unk> ( COS ) &#93; .
There is therefore every good reason to return to these issues .
An EU <unk> <unk> has been established by an EU Joint Action and has already been sent to Kosovo to prepare for a possible civil crisis management operation relating to the aspect of the rule of law which I have referred to .
We owe this service to the next millennium .
As in past years , the Commission will cooperate closely with the rapporteurs and the Parliamentary Committee on Budgets and with the Council ’ s Economic and Financial Committee under the Dutch Presidency .
The German authorities made good progress in <unk> and recalling potentially contaminated products .
This would be unfair to the people and the victims of these floods .
Europe &apos; s strength stems , in actual fact , precisely from its ancient culture , from its <unk> as well as its common roots .
What does this have to do with the Prestige ?
Mrs Lucas may have done something illegal but I feel that there is a right to disobedience , especially since she was not just <unk> around but she had gone to protest against nuclear weapons , which are a <unk> and a danger to us all .
As a demonstration of linguistic solidarity , I am opting today to speak the language of farmers and seafarers , for the language of <unk> , a defender of true individual and collective freedom , taking the specific as my starting point and moving on to universal truths .
<unk> systems are the means to further develop information and communications technology .
These then are the proposals .
Of course we need to aim high , but quotas must not become an end in themselves .
Nevertheless , the main work is yet to be done , as resources now need to be given to this policy guideline .
You will have had contact with the monitoring committee by now and in so doing also have allowed yourself to be persuaded that this work is necessary to guarantee the independence of OLAF .
Amendments Nos 2 and 3 do not relate to this proposal concerning the statistical basis .
However , the issue raised by Mr Wurtz is clearly central .
I know that the European Commission supports attempts to create more extensive and more intelligent monitoring of freight traffic .
I have already been accused of not answering one question .
Promoting good healthcare and exchanging good practices are points I endorse .
The closure of these negotiations is expected to be confirmed at the European Council this week , but it is clear that the work is not over .
I believe that even in its technical form , in its institutional form , in the cooperation with the World Bank and a number of countries in Europe and the role that Europe can play in it as coordinator or <unk> , the fast track initiative can be exceptionally effective .
However , I warn against <unk> of the migration issue .
It can therefore easily be included in the final vote .
We are appalled by the contempt in which the Commission holds Parliament .
<unk> which support and match what you actually want ?
A subject I think is of interest , which some of you have raised , is to what extent we can achieve greater participation by Parliament in all this debate through an institutional agreement .
Two factors must be borne in mind : first the EU must complete its internal reforms , so that it is ready to accept new members from 2003 onwards , and the Polish public must be given comprehensive information on the advantages and opportunities of accession .
Again , I give the floor to the Commission to comment on the amendments .
Now the Committee is suggesting that we should reach a reasonable compromise here too , with an amendment to come into force by the start of the year 2001 .
For instance , we have been instrumental in the development of animal welfare standards by the World Organisation for Animal Health .
Mr President , in accordance with the Nordic public service tradition , the European Parliament has , positively enough , claimed that the Ombudsman &apos;s position should be strengthened and consolidated .
A majority of our group has rejected the idea of the meat sector taking on the responsibility itself .
– I have received six motions for resolutions ( 1 ) pursuant to Rule 103 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
But that <unk> is just a beginning .
The Lamy strategy would save lives , and pharmaceutical companies will not be losing revenue because the people in these countries are too poor to buy the medication as it stands .
<unk> and passenger safety are a necessary condition if our goals of growth , cohesion and convergence are to be met through the tourist industry as well .
These partnerships will be promoted in various ways .
Why not think of an annual Atlantic Summit , which would bring together the EU , the US and NATO , because politics , economics and security policy are increasingly <unk> .
We can , however , certainly identify adequate common bases for the introduction of suitable regulations to support this sector .
This is the beginning of the European road for Serbia and Montenegro .
Some even complain about the <unk> of the relatively low level of income tax in the UK ( they overlook the increased tax burden on UK citizens since the election of a Labour Government ) .
On the one hand , there is a <unk> of the headings , also in this budget , which begs the question as to whether the relative stability or the European Union as a whole are safeguarded .
He is increasingly becoming the advocate of a Europe of governments .
Our task is to attempt to preserve the jobs of the employees of the <unk> group by facilitating a restructuring plan and , at the same time , while preventing excessively serious distortions to trade , to stop the employees of competing firms from losing their jobs .
It is unthinkable that this budget should be reduced to EUR 5 million a year in 2009 , that is to say one cent a year for each European consumer .
This is why it will take a very long time for Indonesia &apos; s flag to be respected again .
The Committee on Legal Affairs believes that the exclusive right of authorizing the direct or indirect reproduction of their <unk> fixed in <unk> - <unk> , records , etc .
should be granted to <unk> .
There are a number of key issues which I have raised which must be on that agenda .
The debate could perhaps be launched , but I suspect it would not be possible to conclude the first reading .
Firstly , there is competition .
The events of 11 September demand a response from the international community because , in the face of the threats and problems of international terrorism , we must all respond together , and within the European Union , we must offer a single response .
We give you our full support and have every confidence in you .
The European Union is currently at a complex and difficult stage .
As soon as this proposal to set up the European Food Agency was presented by the Commission on 8 November , the Presidency <unk> the work of the Council .
Provided that progress is made on the internal market , the Commission is prepared to take the risk , tomorrow , of the social function of postal services being ignored , of the territorial coverage of our countries being eroded , of a deterioration in the quality of the services provided and of an appreciable increase in costs .
It will provide an incentive for high-quality research and bring about the development and authorisation of paediatric medicinal products that will be <unk> quality , extremely safe and extremely effective .
<unk> does not reduce the overall load of contamination in the food and feed chain .
Despite our having every possible sympathy for the rapporteur , Mrs Theato , and for her sterling efforts , we are opposed to establishing an independent European prosecution authority because it is a <unk> post towards the federal Europe we oppose .
I shall therefore go into this in greater detail in my report <unk> and applications , information technology in the next decade &apos; .
What is more , you are right , Mr Poettering .
I would just like to highlight the issue of <unk> prisoners , as did Mrs Schroedter .
Mr President , just two specific <unk> .
There are many reasons for this !
I hope that the House and our colleagues , when they arrive tomorrow , will unite around her .
That is the line we must take .
We now have a total <unk> of that situation .
It began with six and could easily have begun with seven or eight .
Liberalisation is fine , but not at any price .
The supervision and monitoring systems in the central Commission offices , the delegations and the certifying authorities are fundamentally reliable and function well in practice .
Ladies and gentlemen , we are discussing an issue which never ceases to be very tragic and relevant .
The precautionary biomass should have been established on the basis of these scientific reports which do not exist .
That is what Parliament should be doing .
It is frequently the case that vehicles – those from Eastern Europe , for example – are not actually <unk> .
The report we are debating is not about that .
This is undoubtedly due to my own shortcomings , but that fact does not prevent me from expressing one desire .
Mr President , Commissioner , as you know , I live in <unk> , a city in the Basque country which , like other European cities , is very <unk> populated .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as representatives of the new EU Member States , we have been somewhat disturbed by the latest news on the Luxembourg Presidency ’ s proposals concerning the European Union ’ s budget for 2007-2013 .
In particular I welcome the progress that has been made in the social area , especially with regard to employment , equal opportunities and anti-discrimination measures .
It must be said that some of the points made today have not yet been discussed by the Council , but I assure Parliament that they will be .
Then we are always kind and say that these countries must have our support .
The truth is that he met civil rights campaigners and that his actions were quite normal for a member of a freely elected parliament .
As yet the European Union has no legal status in external relations .
It has been proved again and again that people who are defending their own land are superior to the <unk> .
I would like to take this opportunity to thank my fellow rapporteur Mrs Grossetête , as well as the Secretariat , the Council and the Commission , for their cooperation .
And was it not also discussed that you personally - and here I believe you - would make every effort to support this and to present a result to the House ?
Mr President , speaking as a British Conservative I would like to congratulate Prime Minister Blair on his recent robust defence of the British rebate in the House of Commons and in Westminster .
People living in the vicinity were not informed about the current use of the storage space , so nobody could become worried or ask for safety measures to be stepped up .
But I must say that in our view the idea put forward by some Members that we need simply to increase the funds and then spend the resources accordingly , and then we would manage to tackle the problem properly , is not the right method either .
If , for a moment , we can give thought to the interests of others , they will be of incalculable benefit to those who are hungry or suffer <unk> and disease in the third world .
Once an <unk> has been authorised , it is surely sufficient for the relevant dossier to be regularly updated , rather than being subject to a full review every time .
– Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the summit was – as has been frequently stated today – held under the shadow of the attacks in Madrid .
Does that never apply in some cases in the European Union ?
We had cause for concern : Europe &apos;s disadvantage in relation to competitors from abroad .
However , there are indirect indications that the policies the European Parliament and the Member States are pursuing are producing results .
In many countries , temporary employment is becoming a normal way of running a business .
Of course , matters relating to cities cannot ever be considered without reference to the surroundings of the cities that constitute urban <unk> .
But your question must be about the same subject .
<unk> of security , disappearances and human rights violations for which the Russian military forces are responsible continue with complete impunity .
We are sure that our friend the minister Michel Barnier will be able to <unk> occupy the position that Robert Schuman once held , of interpreting the <unk> traditions of France , that great founding Member of the European Community .
Finally , we should appreciate that tourism is an activity of the single European market .
I also see in this respect a certain contradiction in points 7 and 13 of the resolution .
If we believe that immigrants must enter Europe for employment purposes , we must be effective in both areas , we need an immigration policy which works , but also a labour market which works , a social policy which incorporates immigrants in order to respond to the local problems which immigration creates .
This does not affect the Commission ’ s role of improving the consistency of its <unk> measures with the Community policies that feed into it , such as transport , jobs , the environment and the internal market .
We also wish to be closely associated with the balance given to legislative and <unk> actions .
It is precisely this transformation that the EU must carry out if the Lisbon process is to be taken seriously .
One objective of this amendment was to have the general principle of equality of men and women written into the texts in question , while a second objective was to include provisions which would enable the bodies in question to eliminate the very real inequalities which adversely affect the opportunities available to women in the areas covered by the regulation .
<unk> ’ organisations have a very important part to play in this , and must , in future , be more involved in all decisions on matters of health policy .
Energy is vital to our way of life , vital to our quality of life and vital to our standard of living , so how we organise markets and safeguard security of supply is equally important .
Mr <unk> <unk> seems to imply that the pact ’ s own <unk> led to certain Member States breaking its rules and that the politics of the <unk> made sensible economics impossible .
I consider water to be a form of renewable energy , of course .
It is also interesting to note that those countries which are often regarded as rather reluctant and critical in relation to certain aspects of EU cooperation are in reality those countries which comply best with EU decisions .
A second example : the report envisages , as we previously complained at the time of the discussion of Parliament &apos;s draft estimate , giving the Ombudsman - yet another supplementary institution created by the Maastricht Treaty - three additional jobs , although negotiations on this matter with the Council and the Commission have barely begun .
That would endanger the whole agreement , which is very fragile , as the honourable Members are well aware , on an initiative which is absolutely necessary and urgent .
The ECB seems to have taken up the offensive on this again .
I think they are frankly unacceptable .
I am worried about the possible <unk> and difference of interpretation that such <unk> can provoke .
It is important , in other words , that proper provisions are adopted , as the European Parliament has underlined in the compromises proposed in its amendments .
Although the OECD makes a lot of its own publicity material , I would like to have seen it have greater prominence in the context of this agreement .
In accordance with the Rules of Procedure , I can allow one Member to speak in favour .
Every Member State is adapting their care systems .
I can still hear everyone congratulating themselves on this , even though the amount involved was actually only 1.2 % of all expenditure under Category <unk> .
The result is <unk> .
The Monti initiatives no longer appear in the legislative programme .
As spectrum distribution will be the responsibility of Member States , however , we in Parliament have to accept that competition strategies in the different countries will vary .
Not only does our old continent need these workers , but the only way we will have credibility in the world is by <unk> an open , pluralist Europe that shows solidarity .
What we say and do here is therefore of less importance than our engaging in greater discussion in our <unk> .
I would like to highlight the following points : firstly , that we fully support the policy of budgetary rigour and the fulfilment of commitments established in the stability pacts .
Another thing that is exaggerated is the transfers of money .
The second type of amendment <unk> to the deletion of a number of exceptions to the main rule .
As far as researchers are concerned , the opinion put forward by Mr <unk> will encourage the Commission to submit to Parliament , at an early date , draft measures capable of eliminating the obstacles described in the Green Paper , and the Commission intends to take action on the opinion put forward by Mr <unk> .
Relations with Russia are , for example , made crucially important by the enlargement of the European Union ; a positive interaction must come into being , and we must not set up new boundaries , but rather these boundaries must be turned into bridges .
There is a <unk> , which is not being voted on , of course , in which the word <unk> &apos; is absent .
In the German version , there is reference to ‘ ’ – two seats or bases , but that is nonsense , as , according to the Treaty , Parliament is based only in Strasbourg .
Turkey is currently applying for membership of the EU and I support that move , but part of that process will have to be a requirement that major companies like <unk> respect and protect workers ’ rights within the EU .
If we want to be credible when we discuss matters with Russia or other partners , we have to show them that we are able to have a coherent policy ourselves .
Medina Ortega report ( <unk> / 97 ) After all , the amount of expenditure is pretty minimal .
.
On 13 December 2004 , the Spanish Government presented the Council with a request aimed at granting official recognition in the EU to the following languages : And thirdly , what must we do in the long-term ?
To give an example , and without claiming to be exhaustive , I remember that , on 16 September last , this Parliament voted by a large majority for the report , which I had the honour of preparing , on the extension of the structural funds to measures aimed at preserving and increasing the value of the artistic and <unk> wealth , also providing direct benefits for further stable and skilled employment .
I think that the duties of hospitality to some extent justify him and that we cannot fail to take account of that .
These amendments make the provision of aid <unk> on political criteria which are far too demanding .
Let me also reiterate that there will be new programmes in the internal policy areas , the Schengen facility being one example .
I assume that once the talks start they will go on for a number of years .
This week , the Court of Auditors has reported that at least 40 billion disappeared from the budget last year .
We do not consider this to be a good thing for the stability of the region .
I can say quite clearly that , I for my part look forward to working with you on the budget 2002 .
It is important for Parliament to support the financial dimensions of this collaboration between the Commission and the ILO .
This amendment is therefore unnecessary .
Mr President , the reason why this is so important is that , if that is the position , that means that the Commission will force the Council to act by unanimity on these proposals .
Are there any objections to this oral amendment being included ?
Several later speakers will go into more detail .
Total liberalisation , however , will only come about in 2008 .
( Applause ) It will not just be a tool whereby we can learn lessons from disasters and apply them in the future .
We must also tighten up a number of things that are contained in Erika I and II ; I am thinking in particular of ports of refuge and safe <unk> .
High unemployment is a pressing problem for us too .
Mr President , as you know , I led Parliament &apos;s delegation in Johannesburg and I should like to explain something , because I think that Commissioner Nielsen has confused matters somewhat .
This is a matter of urgency for your Commission .
We must , of course , always ensure that we use our resources in the most effective manner and in such a way that they provide the broadest possible help .
In the past , we were always agreed on the basis and the principles by which this solidarity with the Palestinian people – and the European Union ’ s Middle East policy itself – were determined .
It is a fine example of how , when a legislative proposal offers real and tangible benefits to the citizens of the Community , the institutions can collaborate effectively to ensure that these benefits are delivered in the shortest possible time .
What sort of a country is that , if we send these people back , if we do not give these people the opportunity of being able to stay with us ?
I think I speak for my group as a whole in welcoming all these European nations .
I would particularly draw attention to the new cost-benefit thinking in the budget whereby , year by year , we are to assess the value of the individual programmes in relation to their costs .
Nothing has really worked as planned .
We will move on to the next item on the agenda , the statements by the Council and the Commission on the situation in Iraq .
Finally , it is not acceptable to liberalise urban , <unk> and regional transportation whilst remaining , as some governments are , opposed to the liberalisation of state transportation , as for example the passenger railways .
( FR ) We have voted against this report which , even amended , is unacceptable .
As set out in its White Paper , in its Communication of 16 February on strengthening the rights of passengers , the Commission promised that in 2005 it would look at the best way of improving and guaranteeing passengers ’ rights in the different modes of transport .
Mr President , I am sorry to hear Mrs <unk> &apos; s words .
The next item is the joint debate on the following four reports on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection : It is not enough simply to promote substitute crops : technical <unk> , infrastructure and marketing structures are needed too .
This leads to an increase in the capital cost for companies and presents a considerable obstacle in the establishment of an efficient European Union capital market with the best possible capital allocation .
Well then , get your staff to compile it .
In this morning ’ s speech , I did not get the feeling that this , as the President of the Council put it , is all that evident .
This also applies to supporting projects for the training of administrative officials and police .
I am sure that Mrs Wallström has the will to ensure that the legislation is of a sufficiently high quality to be implemented and to ensure that it is effectively followed up .
I want to emphasise what Mr Marinho said about how important it is for the Member States to take this issue seriously now and to exchange words for action .
Secondly , the proposed plan is too late .
The reality is that the indigenous population has never been consulted democratically about the question whether they want to live in a <unk> country , and that is something that must change as a matter of urgency .
On the one hand , we have all noticed the greater role played recently by this institution - and indirectly , at the same time , the whole Union - in terms of economic policy and , especially , employment policy .
We in the <unk> Party have always been of the view that <unk> organisations are more efficient than state organisations at the job of combating destitution and hardship in the <unk> world .
I think that Europe should use the power that it has .
I have constantly criticised the fact that railways have taken a long time to start thinking in international and European terms .
Parliament &apos;s rapporteur is to be congratulated for securing those .
As the rapporteur on the budget for the Economic Affairs Committee , I think that we can be very pleased with the <unk> data for the next budget .
( Parliament adopted the resolution ) My response is No !
I would like you to tell me how things are to go on if no agreement can be reached ?
Above all , as we accepted recently in this House , we must ensure that the right of the countries most affected by AIDS and other diseases to manufacture and sell the necessary drugs or to import them free from copyright costs is recognised .
Since the publication of the <unk> action plan , we have significantly raised awareness of ICT issues .
I should like to stress at this point , that in my view , we will in fact only eradicate the disease effectively if we destroy the whole <unk> , regardless of how much this would cost both in economic and <unk> terms .
Mr President , I am almost ashamed to mention a simple news item at a time when international news is so important and at a time when we are lamenting the failure of the Intergovernmental Conference .
We will vote against Amendments Nos 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 and perhaps also against others .
This report is balanced and represents a step forwards from the proposal for a directive presented by the Commission and I therefore thank the rapporteur and the shadow rapporteurs from my own group for their contributions to it .
Has the time not come to reverse priorities by restoring pride of place to the political construction of a reunified Europe ?
The slow progress in the health sphere is particularly worrying because many of the technologies needed to improve health are in actual fact available at reasonable prices .
Although these do not make easy reading , there is no <unk> the warning they contain .
If the Commission takes account of Parliament &apos;s amendments , linking the issue of the parking card with the issue of a list of the individual states &apos; regulations , not linking the card to one vehicle , deleting the <unk> &apos;s address and date of birth and having a <unk> on the back instead , and also proposing to the Member States that the card be used in addition to the national one , the authorities will in due course become accustomed to the fact that we are all citizens of Europe and that equal rights of access must be allowed to everyone , everywhere .
I know and appreciate why Commissioner Solbes was concerned about what was considered an <unk> budget and at <unk> % this remains a serious concern .
Let us learn from past experience .
If I interpret what you said correctly , you were saying that you intended to stop funding these treatment centres .
As Mr Rothley has already mentioned , an exemption would have been possible .
Almost all those who have spoken have expressed their satisfaction at the end , not only of this Laeken Council , but also of six months of Belgian Presidency , and I have no problem - quite the contrary - in joining in with your thanks , not only to <unk> Verhofstadt and Louis Michel , but to all the Belgian Ministers and all their colleagues .
As far as we understand , more than 34 000 <unk> <unk> have been devastated by this fire in <unk> .
It is estimated that <unk> 000 people are seeking refuge in the <unk> <unk> of <unk> , which we visited last December .
Yet we live in an era when <unk> , for example , has to appoint three apprentices to every training place in the developing countries because two out of three die during training , either from Aids or from other - <unk> - diseases .
Marset Campos report ( <unk> / 98 ) Another thing required of the competent authority is the integration of controls .
The temporary Committee of Inquiry has exercised its powers as it did into BSE as an important new power of Parliament .
This subject is obviously a delicate one , and its development has been discussed at great length over the years , with many rules being regularly revised , but what we cannot accept is that the revision of these rules and the development of the bureaucracy always hit the most needy .
Lithuania has drafted a mental health policy that will be presented to Parliament for approval this year .
I also know that the majority of Member States are not moving in that direction .
The second point refers to employment .
<unk> Europe , the agricultural sector is in severe difficulties and <unk> its budget further does not seem feasible at this stage .
Within a very short time Member States have engaged in a process to make their employment strategy systematic , consistent and quite transparent .
It is a question of <unk> or , in other words , contributing to the development of the areas of origin of immigrants , so that they can return with hope for the future .
We prefer the spring wind , which may perhaps be a bit <unk> , but it does <unk> Europe with new <unk> and new leaves , without destroying the trees that grow here .
And one need not fear that women will not vote for other women .
That is the extent of the competition that we are now facing .
<unk> facilities should not be an <unk> for extending driving times under the guise that it is acceptable for transport in &apos;business class &apos; to take longer .
The only threat to security is the threat to people ’ s right to privacy .
Finally , I would like to stand up for full respect on the part of the EU for Lithuania &apos;s sovereignty in the transit agreement concluded for Kaliningrad and the Russian Federation .
What of the human rights of the millions of French people who voted for the National Front and who are deprived of any political representation and <unk> daily , as they were on Monday on the television channels of the state to which they are required to pay taxes , when the simple expression of justifiably <unk> views by one of our colleagues , Mr Le Pen , is used as a pretext for <unk> condemnation , in violation of the law and in violation of all notions of justice , fairness and <unk> , and when attempts are made , in violation of the <unk> legislation , to deprive this representative of millions of our fellow citizens of the mandate which he has been given by their vote , not received as a favour from the government .
Firstly , prevention : all the categories of persons concerned must be informed and educated .
Socialist amendments <unk> some of these sins of omission and commission have been incorporated in Parliament &apos;s report .
In particular , the Christians in the south have had to suffer severely from violence committed by the Muslims in the north .
As you know , in September the European Commission approved a communication on strengthening economic governance and clarifying the implementation of the Stability and Growth Pact .
Mr President , with effect from 1 January 2005 , WTO members have no longer been able to apply quotas to the import of textiles and clothing , and this has had a <unk> impact on the European market .
We are all Europe .
I <unk> ask you to do this for humanitarian reasons !
It is of the utmost importance to the European Union that we should retain in Europe a strong industrial base , without which we will not be able to maintain our competitiveness in global markets .
The Commission &apos;s reports do not <unk> us with the information we need to decide why Latvia should have <unk> particular progress &apos; , whereas Lithuania has only <unk> significantly &apos; .
One day Members who now <unk> at me <unk> will experience the <unk> <unk> up the <unk> that I experienced today , and the sooner the better .
I regret , Mr President , that the Commission and some groups have taken part in this game .
I will end by mentioning the final stage , that is , the new institutional developments .
But I am not convinced that the human rights of mass murdering terrorists or those that aid and <unk> them in any way deserve the same consideration as those of decent law-abiding citizens .
It is one thing to employ , contract and even reach agreements with Eurocontrol , so that it may act as an expert to which we refer and which provides us with certain types of information , documents and even proposals , but it is quite another to commit ourselves to legislate or act on the basis of what is said by an intergovernmental organisation containing third countries .
Thank you , Mr President-in-Office , for your answer to my question , which was in fact tabled before the Council adopted its decision .
I do not want to be cruel to you , Mr President , by asking you to read to me , out of <unk> , how paragraph 59 could end up if amended .
Secondly , the Commission will continue to make all the necessary effort to fulfil its responsibilities in terms of budgetary vigilance .
The rapporteur and Parliament now hope that the Commission and the Council will take due note of all the policy guidelines approved today .
This must be supplemented with lifelong learning so they can keep abreast of new technological developments .
So more funds are needed and , above all , intervention is needed as from 1997 .
It is important to have this debate .
I do not doubt that the initiatives announced by the Commissioner will have significant benefits for the Union ’ s future , but we cannot forget the legislation that has already entered into force and that has not been transposed into national legislation by certain Member States with sufficient rigour .
The pact is part of the global stabilisation approach the European Union has been developing since 1996 .
For the future I expect a simplification of the access and payment and clearing procedures , as also called for in paragraph 8 of Mrs Rothe &apos;s report .
To give one example , mechanisms for Member States to share best practice should make it easier to act against trading <unk> and to identify unsafe products .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I am now faced with the very difficult , if not impossible , task of finding something new to say .
Is <unk> Israel a fruitful path to go down if the EU is to be able to acquire a more significant role in the region ?
The more States that are involved , the lower the cost of complying with Kyoto will be .
The serious sanctions against the military regime have been maintained and I can assure the honourable Members of Parliament that all the representatives of the European Union will continue to take every opportunity to raise specific issues , such as human rights , forced labour , the lack of democratic development and the continuing detention of <unk> Aung San Suu Kyi and other politicians .
The debate is closed .
Yet I do have a supplementary .
The ethics group also meets behind closed doors , and the opinions of Parliament , as Mr <unk> has already pointed out , have not been taken into account at all in the group &apos;s work so far .
What we have to do - and I believe the EU can adopt a leading role in this area - is to review our own regulations .
Such journeys are not made for trading purposes , and so in any event they fall outside the scope of the regulation .
The European Parliament has , in several urgent resolutions , adopted a position that these large <unk> projects including those in India , China and Malaysia risk damaging valuable environments and contributing to the disappearance of the native people &apos;s culture and way of life .
I am not going to pretend that they can be made bigger , but we are going to try all the same to improve matters .
Mr President , first I want to compliment the rapporteur , <unk> Cederschiöld , on drawing up this report , which is an excellent point of departure for increasing protection by penal sanctions against counterfeiting in connection with the introduction of the euro .
At the same time , we need to make firm arrangements for our trading partners so that organic production can continue to increase .
That concludes the debate .
We want stronger cooperation with the European Central Bank , because we cannot have a situation in which two different statistics are <unk> even though they are not comparable and possible contradictions result in questions from the Commission to the Member State .
We must not have double standards here , for Europe and the Third World countries or even for different Third World countries , for reasons which violate the principle of <unk> .
From the UK &apos;s perspective , here we are – the fourth biggest economy in the world , the second largest global investor , a truly global trading nation – and we are not allowed to make our own trade policy !
As such , we should provide the bulk of our aid as budget support , giving the countries the tools to rebuild their destroyed infrastructure and to restore the livelihoods of their shattered communities .
And that is the message we must send to the whole of Europe and the entire world on marking the 60th anniversary of the end of the war and the beginning of the European Union adventure : the commitment to carry on fighting to defend the values of peace , justice and tolerance , not just for Europe , but for the whole world .
That is another reason why we have had to come back to the same question twice in the space of about a year .
It is clearly evident from this , and also from many other examples , that the EU &apos;s existing information and communication policy is not working .
They wish to be as independent as possible .
It must be clear that there can be no question of the Commission providing funding to enable the objectives laid down in this paragraph to be met , objectives with which all of us agree .
The European farming industry is , however , very diverse and structured in smaller units than is the case in the United States , for example ; it is hard to make a direct comparison .
… that should be used only exceptionally , while this initiative would tend to make more general , and therefore commonplace , this type of measure .
Although the Commission states that we are one of the main financial supporters in this region , that is , we <unk> large financial funds , from the point of view of effectiveness those funds are not appropriately used .
As several of you have pointed out in the course of the debate , the nuclear industry , like it or not , assumes a significant load in ensuring the security of our energy supply , and we must , therefore , accept the fact that this industry must undertake the transportation of radioactive material .
On this question , there is much in the resolution to commend in relation to promoting the role of <unk> parliamentarians within the Joint Assembly .
You suggest that the Charter could provide the <unk> for a future constitution , and why not .
The United States has already lost some of its prestige by attacking Iraq for poor strategic reasons , and by failing to secure a victory .
We are in fact facing a crisis in the institutions of the European Union , and we must face it head on .
Then let us get on with trying to find the money to build them and to create the jobs which we so sorely need in this Community .
We want transparency .
Mr President , the development of the system for recognising diplomas is fundamentally linked to citizens &apos; basic rights to move freely and exercise their profession , as well as to the attainment of equal treatment .
I should , therefore , like to ask you not to criticise the fact that the Austrian Commissioner attended this event and instead to lend your full support to what he said .
Secondly , it gives leeway to action from social partners when it comes to implementing the provisions of the directive .
As they are currently being interpreted by many Member States , the current VAT arrangements are not compatible with the establishment of an internal market since they provide for the exemption of services provided by certain operators in their own market , their taxation once they dare to supply services in other Member States and the taxation of all other operators at the standard rate , wherever they happen to supply their services .
We are particularly sensitive to the Commission &apos;s concern and those of this report to repair the damage to the environment by fighting mass pollution and managing the difficult problem of nuclear power stations .
Following earlier talks , I regard these letters as a gentlemen &apos;s agreement between the Commission and Parliament .
Finally , we believe that this regulation will be more readily accepted if we fix the minimum rates for a period of five years .
Do not forget these people .
<unk> , packaging and labelling of dangerous preparations I hope that , thanks to this , the Members of Parliament will , for example , be better informed regarding the negotiations of the Millennium Round than they were for the Uruguay Round , although this Europe has to date been <unk> to the powerful forces which want free trade to prevail absolutely , but which prefer to act in secret .
This Parliament has voted and will continue to vote for austerity in expenditure , particularly as regards the appointment of new staff , but we must bear in mind that without a Court of Auditors with sufficient resources we shall find it very difficult to comply with one of the principal mandates of our <unk> , namely to ensure that Community funds are used correctly and that European taxpayers &apos; interests are protected when we are faced with the certain fact , stressed by the Wynn report , that 80 % of the Community budget is spent within the Member States .
At the heart of this project is the school curriculum .
We also give our support to the presentation and approval of a constitutional framework which includes a declaration of fundamental rights and duties and the inclusion of a chapter on employment in the Treaties .
In my view , we ourselves should be precise , honest and coherent here so that progress is achieved .
Nevertheless , the Commission is reluctant to accept Amendments Nos 17 , 18 and 19 , as those three substances would not fulfil all the criteria .
Basically , the report we are to vote on here also supports that approach .
Even if the reform process was not pursued as energetically as it should have been , some signs of greater transparency seem to have emerged since the troika &apos;s visit to <unk> , as also since the European Parliament delegation &apos;s subsequent visit in February - I am sure you have more detailed information about that .
The unique status of a European Union citizen necessarily creates the need for a unique general system of movement and residence in response to the demand to enrich the content of European citizenship in accordance with the political aspirations of the Union .
About ECU 1 billion is paid to tobacco growers in the Union every year , whilst the smoking of tobacco causes diseases and human suffering .
As far as I can see , though it is not totally apparent , both the environment and the public have had their positions weakened in the common position .
Right from the word go , it was decided to <unk> the word &quot; Michelin &quot; from the resolution because it would otherwise be impossible to reach a joint resolution .
That means establishing a balance : no one can envisage abandoning the prevention of , and fight against , terrorism , but individuals ’ fundamental rights must be preserved .
What was the Council ’ s response ?
However , it is also a good time for the same reason , by which I mean that the European Union has an opportunity at this precise moment to respond to people &apos;s fundamental need for safety within the EU , and for legitimacy combined with an ability to act outside its own borders .
Then , dare I say it , we could also investigate in what areas of the law of property , contract law and even family law we could make progress in .
We won the battle , and Sweden never introduced any transitional rules .
The Commission would be willing to discuss with the new Member States whether there is a need to improve the instruments at EU level for <unk> for persons wanted for serious criminal offences with a cross-border dimension .
Out of appreciation for the report and so as not the create the impression of opposing conflict prevention , I will change my vote against to an abstention .
And that is what the peoples of Europe want .
I agree with the rapporteur when she calls for the financial expenditure for this agreement to be adapted to the actual situation .
Regarding international fisheries agreements and in keeping with the conclusions of the conciliation procedure on compulsory expenditure , the Council agreed to insert a second budget heading under the relevant article entitled <unk> to international organizations &apos; and to increase the amount transferred to the reserve .
Thank you , Commissioner .
I think that we have a good opportunity for strengthening the consumer organisations in the new Member States .
As regards the amendments on <unk> , we voted against the first of these and in favour of the other three .
I commend to the honourable Member and to Members of the House an examination of the local development programme currently under way in Ireland .
In particular I want to congratulate Commissioner Verheugen for his excellent work , extraordinary dedication and excellent management of the whole process .
Of course it was also a major success on balance for our group , since the Greens &apos; amendment was the only one to obtain an absolute majority and therefore led the Commission as also the Council to shift their position .
We must make similar arrangements and , more importantly , we must forge connections with central and eastern Europe .
There is a need for minimum levels of security of employment , which should include the proliferation of atypical forms of employment which are now appearing .
Mr President , much has been said today about the cynicism and hypocrisy of the past , but I want to say to you that there is nothing more cynical or hypocritical than people who have already announced that they were going to vote against the Commission commenting on the process of hearings .
Here in the European Union , we are far from creating the conditions in which the Kyoto criteria can be fulfilled .
I will say the same thing if I think it , but I will not say it if I do not think it .
For example , significant results have been obtained as regards agreeing on better coordination of budgetary policies , agreeing on a transparent and cheap Community patent , <unk> years in the making , putting into place an integrated Europe-wide financial market , setting the direction for the revised European Employment Strategy , introducing a Tripartite Social Summit , establishing a Tripartite Social Summit , agreeing on energy taxation and setting targets in sectors such as renewable energy , increased energy efficiency and bio-fuels .
Secondly , I wish to congratulate and thank the Commissioner and the social partners for making some progress after many years of difficulties ; but it is a qualified thank you and qualified congratulations .
I would just like to pay my tribute to this very great , French , <unk> <unk> , and I <unk> your indulgence , Mr President , for so doing .
Two questions to Commissioner Monti : Does Commissioner Monti acknowledge that the attack which is now being made on the actual working of Swedish alcohol policy has its roots in the fact that alcohol consumption has fallen in several large EU countries and that the alcohol producers have an interest in gaining access to the low alcohol consumption market which Sweden represents ?
We in Greece have <unk> of all the islands in Europe ; in other words , we have most of the ports in Europe .
Is it the end of the world ?
Consequently , as my report says , this is what we must do .
We are prepared to give special attention to this Trojan <unk> problem and the way it creates <unk> .
We have a plan for doing so , we have the people to do it and we have the will to do it .
With this in mind , I hope that the House will approve this amendment unanimously .
In other words there were more <unk> than votes in favour .
As far as the Veterinary Office is concerned , the requirements are covered by the additional amending budget which the Commission has proposed .
The Intergovernmental Conference that is to <unk> and <unk> the work of the Convention is now <unk> .
The amendment proposed by the Liberal Group adds a further two words , namely materials and technologies .
Mr President , I also would to thank our rapporteur .
Incidentally , I have to say that we still have a long way to go to achieve this .
It now finally looks as if developments in the Balkans are heading in the right direction and in a more stable way .
We are criticized for preaching moral standards to other countries : this House has learnt the hard way to unite its efforts in campaigning for human rights , and we should also like to pass on this message to our Asian colleagues .
We had reached this agreement on principle in the Conference of Presidents .
But at the same time this has got to be matched by an attack on the <unk> to the generation of nuclear power .
And it has to do so against a backdrop of <unk> terrorist activities and in the face of the sort of <unk> of <unk> and <unk> movements , with all the suffering that <unk> , the like of which has not been seen since between the First and Second World Wars .
It is directly related to the environment and the health of all our planet &apos;s citizens , not just that of the Union &apos;s citizens .
In any event , the Netherlands is soon to send a trade delegation to South Africa and I hope that the other Member States will follow suit .
I am genuinely sad about this .
These are simply <unk> measures that will help prevent people being <unk> into countries across Europe .
It also agreed that these objectives be taken forward by Member States from 2001 onwards in the context of two-year national action plans against poverty and social exclusion .
The energy services directive which we hope to agree by the end of the year is expected to provide a challenging first step , while the Commission ’ s Green Paper on energy efficiency published at the end of June should set the future blueprint for Europe ’ s energy efficiency strategy to 2020 .
I would stress that not all foods can or will be irradiated .
What a message of hope for the hungry .
The categorical emphasis on the fulfilment of the political criteria is also tied in with the wish to find sufficient support among the people .
- ( DA ) The Group of the European Liberal , Democrat and Reform Party is able to support many of the proposed measures in the directive but is not in favour of its being possible to sell milk and meat from vaccinated animals within the common market on the basis of current technological capacity .
The first is a quantitative approach , <unk> all the various achievements .
If I talk of things like <unk> <unk> , you will know exactly what I mean .
Let us give them the sort of opportunities and motivation that will make them want to stay in Europe .
Firstly , the report focuses almost exclusively on Islamic fundamentalism , within and beyond the EU .
Even some of our literature that has been circulated with reports on our discussions here tonight , talks about rapid reaction forces instead of a rapid reaction facility , for example .
At the same time , the European Court of Auditors has repeatedly urged us , as regards the capital account , to go over to a new system that does not wait until a payment or receipt has been made before recording financial transactions , but records them when a claim is raised or a commitment entered into .
Public customer demand will ensure that this is never forgotten and there is always constant pressure on our postal administrations to meet these public pressures .
I have also read in the press agencies that the Commission declared that the restructuring and relocation process carried out by <unk> was considered to be <unk> and was in keeping with the rules of the various European funds .
I am all the more sure of this when I see that the trade flows between the European Union and the Mediterranean countries , in themselves not all that large , are considerably larger than the trade flows between the Mediterranean countries themselves .
There are no controls on the disposal of waste produced by the <unk> <unk> recycling plants .
Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf has the floor on a point of order .
I would like to see him advocate unequivocally Ireland &apos;s participation in Partnership for Peace and not play this <unk> game .
There were four categories before , whereas now there are only two .
People who have influence in society should not incite racial attitudes .
Although these measures are carried out by Member States , the Council controls their actual application through its competent bodies .
As we have seen on issues such as the Working Time Directive , people all too often do not realise that they have rights , let alone that they can enforce them .
I know , Madam Vice-President , that we two have an excellent relationship , but on this point we are , unfortunately , at odds with each other , and I would again ask you to give the question further consideration .
The issue is merely that we do not want to be jointly responsible for the problem of settlements , and I ask , therefore , that you submit any solutions to Parliament .
We have known for decades that these substances cause problems for human and animal health .
<unk> also suffer as a result of the commercial war .
So , please , when I ask for the floor to make a point of order , do treat that as a priority - our Rules of Procedure say that you must accede to such requests .
He was given very little support by the Council of Ministers .
<unk> can still restrict information at their discretion , and that power must be done away with .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the Structural Funds were designed to support the effort that the Member States put into their regional development policy and thus to strengthen the economic , social and territorial cohesion of the European Union .
In addition , we should also bear in mind that it is the performing arts that are popular with quite specific viewers and <unk> .
The second position is that of opening negotiations with the possibility of offering Turkey an alternative solution if such difficulties arose during these negotiations , namely a special , privileged partnership .
In my opinion , we should either improve the stability of exchange rates or at least ensure that we still have the resources to protect ourselves like other countries .
Yet this is an <unk> technical subject , with knock-on effects from every proposed change .
More than ever the trade dimension continues to impact on domestic political priorities in the budget .
The expansion of combined transport lies at the heart of the redeployment process and the new development of transport .
I am quoting this because , in my view , it is extremely important finally to put an end to <unk> after 20 years of civil war .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 2005 ) by Mr <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on Development , on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing accompanying measures for Sugar Protocol countries affected by the reform of the EU sugar regime ( COM ( 2005 ) <unk> – <unk> / 2005 – 2005 / <unk> ( COD ) ) .
I think that if all of the partners stuck to this route for subsequent directives on the internal market , a balance between the will of the Commission and that of Parliament could be reached fairly easily , it seems to me .
Perhaps just a word on the climate convention : we all know that the European Union is , of course , making headway here , but that it is not easy to bring all the other major players on board too .
Mr <unk> has , of course , already explained this .
I therefore believe that we must call on other rich countries in the world , even more highly developed than we are , to follow the EU &apos;s example .
Fourthly , we are concerned that some are simply not up to the job .
I am afraid that I cannot give you the floor , Mr <unk> , because you were not originally given the floor , and in accordance with the Rules of Procedure , I cannot give it to you now .
So we do not need complex censorship and <unk> systems in programmes .
The Commission can in fact well imagine special attention being paid to sport in the proposed constitution .
Furthermore , asylum seekers and others wishing to live in our countries will know that they will receive an equal reception and an equal assessment of their reasons whatever Member State they apply to .
This elected Vice-President , <unk> <unk> , said last week that although Taiwan and the mainland are very close to each other geographically , they had become distant relations over the course of history .
We and the Member States shall be considering the legal situation in order to formulate a suitable position in the run-up to and at the forthcoming World Health Assembly in May .
Mr <unk> then compared Israel with the <unk> and the Palestinians with the <unk> , which , from my point of view , was certainly a case of turning matters on their head , because , to my knowledge , it is Israel that has occupied the West Bank and Gaza , that has nuclear weapons and one of the strongest armies in the world and that is backed by the United States .
Firstly , the overall work of an institution is seen clearly , which means that there is less danger of getting <unk> in details .
At the Committee hearing , Commissioner Solbes declared that it is the individual country which applies to enter the <unk> .
To allow us to discuss the substantive part at greater length and more extensively , it was suggested that we divide the report , which we did with the Commission ’ s agreement .
Some of them are working straight shifts of 36 and 37 hours without any rest period or sleep .
<unk> , the European Union must stipulate the upholding of human rights and the implementation of democracy as firm conditions in all its external relations .
We are <unk> up funds rather than <unk> aid , and fast aid is good aid , because we want many countries and regions no longer to need aid when enlargement actually comes about .
It is difficult for victims to escape from violent relationships without outside help .
It is of course contradictory to say on the one hand that we want better implementation and a reduced backlog of payments , and on the other to cut funds so drastically .
As for the industry , it is not just because certain <unk> are doing big business at the moment that I should quote <unk> , but the motto &quot; confidence is good , control is better &apos; seems very <unk> in this case with the <unk> up of security problems and accidents , particularly in the nuclear industry , so topical .
Mr President , Commissioner , with regard to the method , I feel that it must be pointed out , as Mr Karas has done , that we are discussing the exemption of a sector from normal competition rules , an exemption which would not be possible in Europe , or in the United States either , if it were not for the political influence of politicians involved in that sector .
Madam President , just how serious the issue of energy supplies is can be seen from the recent imperialist invasion in Iraq and the squabbling both before and after over how to divide up the <unk> .
The problem of euthanasia is more than a social debate .
Over the past few years , we have been faced with outbreaks of <unk> of infectious animal diseases .
We must be careful , however , not to go beyond the limit of the so-called special legislation .
With this in mind , we note with interest and satisfaction that <unk> , the host country of the Lomé Convention , is now combining a growth rate of 6 % per year with a positive and rapid development of its democratic institutions .
Mr President , Madam Vice-President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all I should like to stress that we had a good debate at the two readings .
We must do so without unnecessarily <unk> Russia and without causing a reaction among the population of Ukraine .
I fear that the Council is thinking along totally different lines , namely a <unk> <unk> of the farm budget .
The minutes of yesterday &apos;s sitting have been distributed .
It is therefore necessary to link structural financing more closely to job creation .
We must put the two processes together and make sure that enlargement takes place with the necessary institutional changes .
Once we are aware of the facts , we should study them in such a way that all the results we make public generate calm and inspire confidence .
This <unk> is a source of inefficiency : I welcome the fact that NATO is now planning to bring the mission under a single command , under a new mandate from the United Nations .
Similarly , no call is being made on the present Member States to increase their contributions .
But it is also the only way to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , to guarantee secure borders for the Israelis , and therefore for the Palestinians .
This year , I had the pleasure of preparing it .
I trust I am not trying your patience .
These fora would moreover provide a place where scientists , fishermen and all of the other stakeholders , including the regional authorities , could do precisely what you call for in your motion , namely hold regular consultations .
We believe it is necessary to confront a process of reforms for the economic and social modernisation of the Union , to guarantee freedom , security and justice for the people who live or reside in it , and finally , to define more profound relations with the United States , in order to combat the new threats to our democracies and our fundamental rights more effectively .
Secondly , the assessment of the situation in <unk> completely ignores the grave violations of human rights committed by the government and is framed as a one-sided condemnation of the <unk> .
In relation to the location of the Agency , Amendment No 19 seems more logical than No 29 .
The Commission can therefore accept Amendments 11 and 18 .
Then we put everything together at the Lisbon Institute and send it around the European Union .
The Commission has looked carefully at Parliament &apos;s compromise amendments and can accept them .
You have shown us the way , Mr Monti , with the single market scoreboard .
Therefore , I think that the Commission should act .
And what did the Vienna summit do ?
Also , and for this I trust in the Commission and the Commissioner , who have the necessary ability and enthusiasm , I hope that the successes and <unk> of Marco Polo are incorporated into the discussions on the trans-European networks , which ultimately have the same objective but on a very much larger scale , which sometimes makes them difficult .
The second point is enlargement .
My country , Poland , has the longest external land border of the Union , which is why we welcome the simplification the regulation implies .
Moreover , we must <unk> the good examples of cycle <unk> and <unk> <unk> to be found in <unk> and regions throughout the EU .
We must ensure that we can <unk> , <unk> and also verify informal competences , or the competences acquired elsewhere , for this is , once again , the key difference between those who have a qualification and who can build on it , and those who do not have a qualification , those who have already dropped out .
I will mention again an example from the Baltic States .
Conservatives in the European Parliament have consistently argued for these reforms .
My group voted at first reading against any reduction in the appropriations allocated to old but still equally important priorities , especially appropriations allocated to cooperation with and the development of southern countries , in order to fund new expenditure .
And let me also thank Commissioner Byrne .
<unk> the knowing acceptance of sexual services from women acting under coercion , deception or conditions of social and economic constraint and , more importantly , from children , is the first practical step which needs to be taken and it will certainly have results .
It will not do , of course , to say that all this is due to adjustment problems in connection with EMU .
By Wednesday , people were angry and <unk> , understandably , and so were we .
The High Level Panel concludes that legislation on the free movement of persons already largely exists , and that most problems can be identified and solved without the legislation being amended .
It needs to safeguard its unity , it needs to safeguard its role on the international stage , a role which may not be <unk> in military power and <unk> leadership , but which has achieved eminent results over the last fifty years .
We should also ensure that cooperation agreements are established with third countries in this area .
It imposes a prohibition or restriction on the use of certain conventional weapons that are deemed to cause excessive injury or that do not discriminate between military and civilian targets .
Therefore , we shall now proceed to the vote on the proposed regulation .
Mr President , first a word about the <unk> <unk> that have <unk> this week .
It is the first time that a Parliament resolution has been used as the backdrop for a Commission proposal for legislation .
However , the aim is to be able to implement the whole spectrum of the Petersberg <unk> .
On 8 April 2003 two <unk> , <unk> José <unk> working for the television station <unk> and Ukrainian <unk> <unk> working for Reuters news agency , were killed in Baghdad when the American army <unk> on the Palestine <unk> , where several hundred <unk> journalists were <unk> .
In rich , so-called developed societies which no longer seem able to offer their innocent , <unk> children safety and protection , this defies belief .
It is not our job to stand up for terrorists , but for those who are working actively and peacefully to secure freedom for their people .
The Commission proposal reflects these events in the priorities of our energy network policy and in the other provisions of the guidelines .
At the very moment we are debating in this Chamber , Thomas <unk> , the <unk> of <unk> , is probably issuing and signing the order for his execution .
However , I would like to dwell on what is happening as a result of the directives on solid <unk> .
However , despite this Parliament appearing to win the case in the European Court of Justice , nothing substantial has changed .
I am fully confident that they will do their utmost to cope with the legislation we have adopted over many years , and it is our responsibility to assist them as best we can - even after their accession .
I hope that the fifth environmental programme can be implemented and its undertakings put into practice quickly , and that no pointless prestige issues , for example concerning timetables , will be allowed to arise among the Union institutions .
One financial instrument not mentioned in the report is <unk> emission rights .
I well understand what <unk> these amendments , but introducing a procedure of that nature goes beyond the objective of this proposal for a directive , which is to align the national provisions on <unk> models which have a more direct impact on the operation of the single market .
( Mixed reactions ) ... you see , you are proving the truth of what I am trying to say .
Not to mention the rules on Sunday and holiday driving , which are also completely different .
There are also Member States affected by <unk> panic of the kind that exists in my own country .
I must say to those people who said that employment in the sector would be reduced , that this has not been the case and that neither has the quality of work deteriorated in any way whatsoever .
We also agree with the rapporteur &apos;s comments and the amendments he is proposing , and I would like to ask the Commission and Commissioner Kinnock in person to do what he can , so that these few amendments , which I hope Parliament will approve tomorrow , will be accepted by the Commission as well and by the Council after it .
It is a challenge to this House to work out a system of cooperation between national parliaments and the European Parliament so that all democratic institutions participate in guaranteeing that economic and monetary union is a success .
It is important .
I am surprised that you abused my good faith .
From what we know of the performance of the Prime Ministers and Presidents at Biarritz on the <unk> questions of Treaty reform , the Charter will probably become the greatest <unk> at Nice .
That is exactly what we need , a momentum behind the reform so that we achieve it rather than just talking about it .
Demands have already been issued for the return of payments amounting to ECU 2 m and we have prepared further demands totalling ECU <unk> m , while in parallel we have already recovered about half a million ECU .
The Commission is able to follow Parliament &apos;s line here too , and therefore accepts Amendments Nos 36 and 37 as well as Amendments No 35 and 41 .
In this case , increased control is not what is in the first place required .
This is not an Islamic country , it is not a question of tradition ; it is a secular country where women , for better or worse - &apos; Mrs <unk> &apos; being a prime example - used to play leading roles .
The first proposal relates to contributions by the Structural Funds .
Then again , it worries about the level of its citizens ’ debts and wants to deter even slight <unk> at great bureaucratic expense .
Its protection should be taken seriously : indeed , wars are being increasingly fought over water resources .
That is no reflection on the current President-in-Office of the Council .
We have to learn from the United States of America in respect to active participation in this region , and it is a pity to say that the European Union is not really very active , is not really effective with its programmes ; we have to admit that .
We all need this budgetary framework in order to breathe fresh life into the economy and to regain public trust .
The honourable Member is undoubtedly aware that the discussions in the Education and Youth Council on 30 May , discussions concerning the participation of young people , took place in connection with the adoption of a resolution on the framework for European cooperation in the youth field .
How much confidence is there that these provisions will be complied with ?
I have great sympathy for the problems being faced by Ethiopia and Eritrea .
Demands to <unk> the Muslim <unk> and to have <unk> <unk> in school <unk> represent the early stages of this process of <unk> .
The first concerns the <unk> report on cereals .
Question No 63 by <unk> Camisón Asensio ( <unk> / 97 ) : The most pressing issues remain : targets for greenhouse gas emissions to be agreed in particular by the USA and Japan , protection of forests , fresh water resources , development of renewable energy , the fight against desertification and protection of biodiversity .
One <unk> was information and participation .
National budgets must be <unk> mainly by reducing bureaucracy rather than adding to the burden on our people .
<unk> is a must in order to make the practical introduction of the euro a success .
This fact , however , does not prevent me from making a few comments .
Only genuine inventions must be patentable .
Mr Barroso , you talk to us about a potential forthcoming agreement , but I have not heard you say the word ‘ ambitious ’ – an ambitious agreement – and I therefore remain sceptical .
This is for a variety of reasons - environmental reasons , social reasons , because they create jobs , for peace policy reasons , because this energy source has <unk> off wars throughout the century , and , lastly , because they also represent a great economic opportunity for the industrialised nations .
Amendments Nos 1 and 3 concern linguistic <unk> .
Under the Constitution the EU will become <unk> .
The next item is the statements by the Council and the Commission on trafficking in human beings .
This in turn gives us the opportunity to discuss its decisions here in Parliament as well and to draw the appropriate conclusions from them .
As it was a very sensitive vote on the <unk> report and a lot of the votes were very close indeed , where does that leave the validity of the actual vote on the report ?
There is a real risk of <unk> work .
There was no confrontation between Left and Right of the sort I have previously described , but rather a confrontation between North and South , each being convinced that one method or another was better .
This convention will not limit itself to being merely a forum : we intend it to participate actively and <unk> in the debate , and to draw up the next treaty in constitutional form .
All my proposals were voted down by the committee .
Where <unk> <unk> <unk> are concerned , there may eventually be a ban , but it is important to say that the precautionary principle permits the whole spectrum of political measures and initiatives to be taken .
These are the questions which are important to our citizens , and we must simply get results on this score .
The measures we are discussing today and those which we discussed just a month ago , Erika I , demonstrate the commitment of our institutions to strengthening the safety of ships and the protection of the marine environment .
What we need when it comes to the removal of barriers to trade , whether these be in the form of tariffs or not , is fairness ; that is what needs to be promoted in this regard , both here and in the accession countries , where , I believe the main development in the textile industry will be .
Neither must our non aligned status hinder our active involvement in <unk> and bringing about a common foreign and security policy .
To conclude and to summarise , we have to reform and change .
I think it was <unk> - perhaps that is too strong a word - improper to ask Parliament on 8 February for an opinion on the future objectives of general vocational training systems that was presented to the Council just four weeks later .
Mr President , every opportunity must be grasped to bring the talks on a comprehensive test ban treaty to a successful conclusion .
That is , we can grow more and at the same time still contain growth in the demand for energy .
Only five States out of 15 have met the Barcelona targets for implementation .
Is it not the case that , in the context of the European Central Bank system , this former agency , the Bank of Finland , and the European Central Bank are in fact part of the same organisation ?
The job losses then forecast never occurred .
The report stresses the role of the Commission and its delegations in the Community &apos;s external activities and it is , of course , essential that the Commission &apos;s external service be able to continue to contribute properly .
Mr President , the centralised procedure is our preferred choice .
This report poses a series of questions about the relationship between trade and environment .
That concludes Question Time .
The later text , which we are debating today , will liberalise services in two phases .
All the Member States do it , cooperating with each other and with other friendly democratic countries .
I mean a consensus with all the groups which do not wish to witness the victory of the radical <unk> terrorist forces .
To give an example , preliminary investigations , which may lead to such an action being brought in the Court of Justice , were recently instituted with regard to the transport of horses from Eastern Europe to Italy .
The way in which trade unions and employers &apos; organisations are organised varies considerably from one country to another , as does the manner and extent of collective <unk> .
Ladies and gentlemen , it is urgent that we provide real impetus for the establishment of an international treaty on the trade in weapons which should be possible immediately after the review conference on the United Nations action plan in July 2006 .
The Commission can in principle accept Amendments Nos 25 , 27 , 36 , 40 and 41 .
In order to fully achieve its potential the EU must adopt initiatives to make entrepreneurship more attractive .
However , I do not believe it is right to treat China differently from other countries with an equally disturbing track record in protecting human rights .
Mr President , Commissioners , the discussion of the broad economic policy guidelines has given us many <unk> in previous years .
I agree completely with Mr Tindemans when he said that we need to make every effort to bring into effect preventive diplomacy so that we finally achieve a peace process which we all hope will safeguard fundamental freedoms and human rights .
We wanted the money not merely to be <unk> ; we wanted it to repay twice the amount .
Of course , the Commission supports the compromise reached during the informal trialogue with the Council .
However , in taking stock today , we must be honest and say that the results are not particularly positive .
Although the percentage of women in employment in Europe rose slightly in 2003 , it remains the case that only slightly over half of European women work outside the home .
Our explanation of vote is very simple .
As you know , the Committee of Inquiry was closely involved in this process which led , early in February , to the Conference on <unk> in which 250 public and private sector representatives took part and which was also addressed by Mr Tomlinson .
Then there were the hearings .
This issue is of growing concern both to the public and to this Parliament , and I think the fact that we were able to attract 60 signatures to our oral question on the subject is a clear <unk> to that .
It would have been a better idea in the first place to have devised a common strategy for rare diseases and , in that context , discuss the priorities for Community action .
Mr President , I should like to point out to Mr Rack that the Commission has proposed continuing and reinforcing the Community &apos;s Interreg initiative .
Firstly , comitology has been limited to the necessary amount .
If we want to change the situation of disadvantage that women continue to experience in the workplace , we need to change people &apos;s attitudes and the practices of the social partners .
On the other hand , after more than two years of <unk> unfair competition on the part of Korea , the Commission has decided , after receiving a formal complaint from all our <unk> , to take the case to the World Trade Organisation .
<unk> economic aspects , environment and the social dimension is a powerful idea .
There has also been a certain <unk> , of which I am sure the Commissioner will take note , so that we will , as soon as possible , achieve the aim of this reform which we began with the van Hulten report .
I would like to ask Mr Poettering , who of course is no longer here : Where was his Party when it came to controlling their own Commissioner ?
That means that we shall have plenty of opportunity here next year to discuss these issues in depth .
On the part of his successor , <unk> , there have been a few small signs that point in the right direction , but there remains a tremendous amount to be done .
This body is to be charged with ensuring equal pay for equal work , doing away with gender <unk> and also promoting equality between the sexes beyond the European Union .
This is something that Mr <unk> mentioned , and I believe Mrs Frassoni also talked about .
Who would believe that their renewal would depend upon the Council &apos;s agreement to Mugabe visiting Paris !
As the decision was made in July - in other words , quite some time ago - we were able to negotiate with the Council about this legislation .
Finally , let me <unk> our proposal to allocate an addition EUR 60 million from the <unk> EDF funds once the Cotonou Agreement is ratified and discussions have been finalised with the ACP Group .
The question is : will we all go down together in <unk> solidarity , or will we opt for dynamism , innovation and progress ?
As regards the other speakers , I simply make this comment : without prejudice to the importance of the fight against unemployment , which has already been emphasized , I cannot agree with the view that nothing remarkable happened at Turin , that in reality Turin was useless , as Mr Collins said .
Can they not see the political merit of preventing a State from <unk> the rules of the single market the chief beneficiaries of which are European undertakings themselves and the possibilities for growth , including growth in employment ?
We must acknowledge that the <unk> Government has in fact tried to make improvements , not least as a result of its agreement with the Commission .
Those young people who demonstrated entirely peacefully at the time are now prematurely aged , ground down as a result of the terrible conditions prevailing in Chinese prisons .
Mr President , last year we had discovered within these walls that the Commission &apos;s Annual Economic Report contained almost nothing on a theme essential for growth and employment , that of investment .
The new Neighbourhood Policy proposed to us is a positive element , because it calls for greater democracy , even though the aid will have to be shared more broadly amongst our neighbours to the east and to the south .
That is why we need anti-discrimination legislation .
We have no guarantee of <unk> in this respect , so we have to be cautious and we have carefully noted the advice given by Members in this debate .
The problem is that whereas getting the goods on the train usually works well , because the train is waiting at a particular place and will not depart until a certain time , unloading can be a major problem , because the train stops only briefly and in any event goods trains never actually arrive on time where they are expected .
Faced with <unk> <unk> after <unk> <unk> , the international community stands by and does nothing .
<unk> recent health warnings have made the need for information even more urgent , to which one must add the substantial increase in the number of food allergies .
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament which was adjourned on Thursday , 31 May 2001 .
What we want is to be able to construct in a politically free and carefully considered way a balance which is appropriate to the specific needs of a sector which , although it is of primarily cultural value and enormous social relevance , also has other , economic , facets .
We must now concern ourselves with Latin America , as this is where the problem lies .
I think that the answer is very straightforward .
All its details need careful consideration .
It is not without reason that the call for this common consolidated foundation originates from the entrepreneurial ; it comes , without exception , from companies , including UNICE and the Round <unk> .
Madam President , I only wish to examine the point that has been the subject of particular discussion within the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens &apos; Rights .
We can therefore be pleased once again that the Amsterdam Treaty has fully <unk> the scale of this challenge and has devoted a chapter to employment .
However , until recently , Council discussions have generally been characterised by differences of opinion between the Member States preventing the adoption of a common position on the framing of a European armaments policy .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , 11 September is almost upon us , the first anniversary of that day when two aircraft , <unk> by terrorists belonging to <unk> ?
<unk> <unk> , <unk> into the World Trade Centre , caused both <unk> to collapse , killed thousands of people and , at a <unk> , changed the world - or , at least so we thought at the time .
We would advise them to be as vigilant as possible .
Enlargement should not be achieved , however , by choosing the new NATO countries first .
We therefore support the first Turco report , as tabled in committee .
In addition to the jurisdiction established by the Warsaw Convention , the proposal also makes it possible to bring cases before the courts in the Member State where the passenger is <unk> or permanently resident .
The Commission is now proposing the creation of a European Food Safety Agency .
Thirdly , during the transitional period we need to pay close attention to keeping down expenses related to currency conversion between national currencies .
The main commitments exceed 800 % of net assets , which means that the risk is not sufficiently spread .
This House will certainly not be making a mistake if it supports this position .
Though the report has some good points , it accepts the Commission &apos;s orientation and in some cases goes still further by calling for the application of competition rules to pension funds , on the basis of equal treatment with insurance companies .
I also expect these debates to be held in public and not in the Council , essentially at the meetings of Heads of State and Government , which discussed Turkey &apos;s accession in less than three minutes .
In the limited time available to me , I should like to touch upon an issue which may be minor , but is nevertheless of great importance .
It must be pointed out , however , that those <unk> difficulties do not necessarily equate to unfavourable economic circumstances .
I should like to draw your attention to the fact , however , that , since September last year , we have had Directive 2002 / 73 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the implementation of the principle of equal treatment for men and women as regards access to employment , vocational training and promotion , and working conditions .
Mr President , what we have just heard is unprecedented in the history of the European Parliament , of which I have been a Member since the first direct elections in 1979 .
Also , we should stress that the <unk> , whilst it has made good progress in harmonizing the role of Member States to some degree , does not have all the answers .
I particularly refer to Regulation ( EC ) No 1049 / 2001 regarding public access to European Parliament , Council and Commission documents , and to the Commission ’ s communication of December 2002 establishing general principles and minimum standards for consultation of interested parties by the Commission .
Could I ask the President-in-Office whether he would be willing to bring forward an initiative at Council level calling on the Commission to put in place a new poverty programme that will utilise the best of the past but to make it a real programme , not just experts exchanging ideas , or meetings taking place in <unk> parts of the Union .
I would therefore insist , also in order to be consistent with what we have said : it is not a question of condemning a country , but rather an event that has taken place in a country and which has happened recently .
This situation must be stopped .
I beg you , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , in all the <unk> matters with which you will have to deal over the coming weeks and months of this Presidency , to highlight how much better we could handle them if we had a European constitution .
We must let consumers know about these policies by showing our support , in particular , for those products that can be identified with a specific region , once they have been subjected to rigorous , <unk> quality control procedures .
It was said that <unk> were banned from <unk> , so of course people <unk> about the nasty Eurocrats again .
Otherwise , the EU will end up as a regime of the big powers , which will damage the EU as a whole .
The purpose of this proposal is to allow the rapid integration of the new Member States into the ‘ European Capital of Culture ’ initiative .
Some of the allocation of responsibilities to the EU appears rather <unk> and goes further than is the case in federal states .
<unk> to telephone from <unk> to <unk> <unk> , it is also virtually impossible .
This approach will lead us to a fully WTO compatible regime .
Mr President , it is a happy coincidence that you have taken the chair this afternoon for it permits me to say with what pride it is that I share with you a constituency under our present electoral arrangements as a fellow Member for Scotland .
This is why I am in favour of these practicable proposals being implemented for <unk> organisations , including those engaged in educational and scientific activities .
<unk> , our Union must be able to speak with one voice .
The objective is to create a new Europe which will be increasingly close to the citizens .
We call for the commitments made by the Feira European Council in 2000 to be made good , not least in view of the forthcoming accessions .
The Commission has given substantial backing to this initiative , <unk> EUR <unk> million of the Community budget over the next four years .
Mr <unk> raised the question of import controls .
Even though the setting-up of the International Criminal Court does not come within its remit , the Commission hopes that the required number of 60 <unk> will soon be reached so that the Court can become operational .
My friends in the south , if only you knew how the Netherlands talks about your plans to join the EMU .
<unk> in Greece represents ECU 21 million , but ECU 21 million is nothing alongside the Brussels costs .
I would like to talk about pilot projects .
Rural development is being put forward at the moment as a second pillar for agriculture .
The Council fully shares the honourable Members &apos; commitment in the matter of the suffering of Afghan women under Taliban rule .
The European Parliament should rather set great store by and respect the Member States &apos; different security policy choices .
The Green Paper sought to <unk> the views of stakeholders on the way forward .
For this reason , aid must be not only swift , but also visible in the appropriations provided .
I would however like to take this opportunity of thanking you all for your contributions to this morning &apos;s debate .
I hope his work will serve to raise the awareness of all the players concerned : institutions , vehicle <unk> and manufacturers , users , safety experts , traffic agents , transport companies , insurance companies , vehicle maintenance and repair <unk> , driving schools , and so on .
Mr President , this debate is prompted by the massacre in the East Congolese town of <unk> on 6 May .
Where possible , measures must be taken to <unk> such damage .
Data protection , which is essential to privacy , poses huge challenges in an age of electronic communication .
We must also require the prior approval of the recipient country before any trade can take place .
It is true that a simple association of States making unanimous decisions could have legal personality .
As a legislative text is may also be more effective if it remains narrow in scope .
I am pleased that Parliament - and specifically the two rapporteurs - is taking the approach contained in the Commission proposal , particularly with regard to the dates for opening up the market , the separation of the operators of the networks and the competences of the regulatory authorities , which are crucial elements in terms of the correct operation of the system .
Thank you for ensuring that we all move in the same direction .
The fact is that the European public hear the same old thing year in and year out , that everything bad comes from Brussels , and the good things are all <unk> .
The Commission also approved a number of amendments .
This is not the way to rebuild hope or restore confidence .
As you know , we <unk> the process last year and , since then , negotiators on both sides have been working <unk> to make progress on its various aspects .
However , the <unk> caused by the <unk> of recent weeks must not push us down the path of what I would call &quot; precautionary excess &quot; at the very time , Mrs <unk> , when the European Union is devoting itself to defining the precise limits of the precautionary principle in order to prevent it being applied incorrectly .
On that , Commissioner , I am again in agreement with you .
From this point of view , the agreement reached in the <unk> &apos; Council last week strengthens the hand of your negotiators .
They have specialised in a number of products , God knows how many , and are thus attempting to respond to the new threat and get their <unk> in first .
Malta and Cyprus were always among the flags of convenience under critical discussion .
– ( ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , what happened in Kinshasa on 21 and 22 August showed clearly that the European Union was right to take the decision to send troops to help secure the elections in Congo , even though there had been many , in various of its Member States , who had expressed doubt as to the wisdom of this approach and as to whether the European Union and its forces really could make an effective contribution .
So do I , but I believe that your speech has not been that of a President of a European Government but more like a speech of a Secretary-General of the United Nations .
We must realise that the intensity and speed of climate change is relevant for political decision-making , and even the human impact has to be specified in terms of time and space .
I would like to ask you another question .
We also want to draw attention to our amendments : a tax on speculative capital profits , a reduction in working hours without loss of pay and an evaluation of how the development of EMU will affect unemployment .
There is an <unk> haste in Europe &apos;s new approach to China .
Industry has a responsibility to the wider society .
However , in the interim , there needs to be an international agreement outlining the safety standards for such shipments .
The Irish Presidency has just presented its priorities .
I take the point made by other speakers about the outcome of the earlier vote , and I have to say in a strictly personal capacity that it is a matter of personal regret to me , but there we are .
This matter is thus settled .
The Member States , and in particular those on the Security Council , must not continue to overlook the <unk> of the issue .
I have received seven motions for resolutions tabled under rule 37 , paragraph 2 , of the Rules of Procedure .
With the new wording of its proposals on port services , the Commission is trying to reflect the legitimate concerns of all parties .
We do not want words from the Serb leadership but action .
It is important , as some Members have pointed out , that we should do everything possible to make those sanctions stick .
In many countries , the sound financing of future pension benefits has not been secured .
Finally , I should like to make a point about state aid .
I myself live six metres below sea level .
Provided the vendor can always inform the <unk> of the nature of the goods and the limitations on the information that should be sufficient .
Mr President , in the European Parliament I represent Poland , which is home to six of the ten poorest regions in the Union .
The same is true of the conclusions on the matter now in hand , which was the basis for refusing discharge .
The Commission therefore has no information on this matter .
Amendment <unk> : We must take full account of the needs of the new Member States in future proposals to ensure there is effective use of aids to achieve structural reforms and that the aids have permanent effects on citizens &apos; lives .
We should not overlook the fact that in April of this year , a referendum was held about this plan , and that a large majority of the Greek Cypriots voted it out .
There is no acceptable compromise on either the timetable or the scope of the liberalisation .
It is , however , sensible - and we return to this in the second report - for primary produce that is suitable for human consumption also perhaps to be used as feed .
Mr President , <unk> Clinton can <unk> all the blame in the world on Japan , the American Congress or the crisis in the world &apos;s financial system .
Mr President , I totally endorse what the Commissioner said .
The report continues to insist on moving towards the euro without creating the mechanisms necessary to minimise the economic and social risks .
As such , the eel has been overlooked for years .
– The <unk> speech by the previous speaker and the motion for a resolution before us , along with its <unk> , which has been endorsed by all political groups in this House , are proof that action is urgently needed .
Mr Berenguer Fuster ’ s report calls for the approval of the proposal for a Council decision on a draft regulation of the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe .
It is high time that we changed the regime so that Parliament could give its opinion before an agreement comes into force , rather than the other way around .
The same is true of Polish potato growers , who are the main producers of this crop in the Union , and of producers of cereals and textile plants .
If the Commission presents us with a text intended to shape a new maritime strategy , it is because it is fully aware that the initial measures of 1985 , based upon free trade , have not completely achieved what they were aiming at .
The amendments which we jointly tabled have met with a positive reception across party and national boundaries .
This is where this report makes its major contribution , I believe .
Since that first communication in September 1994 , the Commission has spared no efforts to solve the problem and has had various opportunities to report , both in plenary sitting and in the relevant parliamentary committees , on the initiatives and measures it has been taking .
To that end , such companies need an efficient government .
Market dominance can still occur below those thresholds .
The approval of vehicles with regard to the prevention of fire risk , particularly for fuel tanks made of plastic material of category <unk> vehicles will therefore be more rational .
I am , however , more concerned regarding animal welfare , which should not come before food safety , and regarding the <unk> role of the inspecting <unk> .
All these proposals are focused on enabling the Commission and the other European institutions , including Parliament , to improve the <unk> , the consistency and the reasonable speed of disciplinary procedures and to do so without loss of fairness or rights of the accused .
The same situation applies overall for the applicant states in Central Europe , due to the <unk> of the bulk of their trade towards the European Union .
We have informed the ambassadors of the countries concerned that we need assessments of the scale of the damage .
We therefore encourage the government and the <unk> to propose as soon as possible a framework allowing for the resumption of these negotiations .
In the discussions we held as parliamentary delegation in Buenos Aires , a sectoral approach emerged as a viable route .
I have noted that a number of comments , not to say demands , have been made .
Despite these circumstances , there are prospects that Parliament and the Council will be able to resolve their differences .
If one really were in favour of unlimited tax competition , why would one want to iron out so-called harmful tax measures ?
We are in danger of setting rules which , in the case of discards , cannot be <unk> .
It has been very interesting to hear so much consensus this morning .
It must be made quicker , cheaper and simpler to obtain a visa , and the European Parliament must be allowed to comment on the authority to negotiate that is now in the process of being produced .
Environmental innovation helps the European economy move forward , something that the Commission recognised back in February , but which has not , unfortunately , found practical expression .
I know that a difficult stage in the negotiations is about to begin , and there will be an <unk> because we have cut the funding to the agencies , for instance .
As has been said in this debate , the Member States are now engaged in allocation planning for the next phase , and , in addition to those countries whose proposals are already with the Commission , around 10 others have already published their own plans and are in the final stages of dealing with them at national level .
The consumer information scheme is based on four main components : On the contrary , Mr Bourlanges , your <unk> report leads to a very <unk> resolution .
It is thanks to the 1957 Euratom Treaty that we in Europe have the highest level of nuclear supervision and protection in the world .
Not only were these places of <unk> destroyed ; hundreds of thousands of Muslims and Croats were forced to flee their homes at a time when there was no war in this region , namely between 1991 and 1995 .
It must be transposed before April 2006 .
We discover that poultry meat contains dioxin – and we react .
Nothing less than the future of Europe is at stake .
The Commission has undoubtedly put a major effort into making the Fund as flexible an instrument as possible , without losing sight of the need for it to serve the achievement of European objectives .
I therefore support this directive .
Consequently , it is absolutely essential that we introduce tough economic measures to set us on the right track .
I would thank you all and wish you a really <unk> Christmas and a happy New Year .
In the meantime , the EU is blamed for making the negative aspects of globalisation worse .
One is that people studied the Constitution and <unk> with its precise articles .
An estimate of the costs of reconstruction has been made - EUR 250 million over three years - and a conference of donors will be held on 17 December .
The most important aspects should still be Sweden &apos;s economy and its eligibility for a place in the club in terms of inflation , interest rates and so on .
I believe Parliament can play an important role in assisting in the restoration of confidence to an industry where <unk> is at its lowest .
Referring only briefly to one part of the Court &apos;s judgment , paragraph 98 says in principle that a directive prohibiting the advertising of tobacco products in <unk> , magazines and in newspapers could be adopted on the basis of Article No .
100a - now Article 95 - of the Treaty with a view to ensuring the free movement of press products on the lines of Article 13 of Directive 89 / <unk> , the television without frontiers directive prohibiting television advertising of tobacco products in order to promote the free broadcasting of television programmes .
The number of persons displaced within their national borders amounts to 24 million .
We should give thought to the possibility of introducing a ‘ made in Europe ’ label , which would be able to be carried only subject to certain very stringent criteria being complied with , first among them , of course , compliance with international labour standards , along with social and environmental standards and a ban on the use of child labour .
I do not believe that any of the <unk> arguments we have heard in Parliament are of any help .
The birth of the euro is a success .
I should like to underline this request and say that the European Parliament certainly does not want to interfere in politics the world over , but it does wish to offer good mediation services wherever a reasonably well-functioning democracy is in danger because it is under threat from populism on the one hand and fear and uncertainty on the other .
They consider that it would be difficult to move forward with the negotiations as long as the United States and Europe hold different positions .
The electoral campaign was marked by violence and numerous irregularities on polling day .
Madam President , I wish to speak on Rule <unk> ( new ) , in other words Amendment No 109 , which is the result of an own-initiative report .
The very word bankruptcy , the legal concept of bankruptcy , does not cover the same accounting concept in each of the Member States of the Union .
However , we could do better , much better , and this report has a number of good ideas which I am happy to support .
What we need to do now is to examine jointly how the challenges in the area of immigration policy should be handled in future .
We are opposed to <unk> of the Structural Funds , considering , rather , that these funds should be reserved for other priorities .
The Council cannot therefore understand Mr Carnero González &apos; view that the decision was wrong .
I am well aware of this .
But it is difficult to draw up regional policy unless there are instruments for territorial cooperation at European level , which <unk> those artificial lines that constitute boundaries , and the Interreg initiative has already played an important part in cross-border cooperation , but there is still a great deal to do in that field .
While I have always favoured the application of safe and tested genetic research to agriculture , equally its practical application in future must be <unk> by inevitable changes to agricultural practices resulting from the <unk> but nonetheless devastating consequences for farmers and consumers resulting from BSE .
Mr President , we know that allowing companies to <unk> hostile <unk> bids can jeopardise the right of States to maintain control over strategic businesses and decision-making bodies that are crucial to their development , specifically over companies that perform a public service .
The Commission will continue to follow developments closely , in collaboration with the Member States in situ , and will maintain the dialogue with national authorities to prevent violations of human rights and to advance and consolidate the fragile democratic process in the country .
I have been asked by the leader of the Czech delegation within the Group of the European People ’ s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats ( PPE / DE ) to point out that three members of this group , including two women , my colleagues in the Czech delegation , were not appointed to any committees .
Mr President , I would like to make some comments on Mr Voggenhuber ’ s report .
Not one single party , not one single political programme in my country leaves any room to be against the euro .
This party , which aims to reconcile Islam and the modern world and which could make a significant contribution towards <unk> the country &apos;s <unk> democracy and , therefore , strengthening the rule of law , finds itself subjected to a ban on the <unk> pretext that it would represent &apos;a threat to State security &apos; .
In these circumstances it really is not acceptable to justify the actions taken by the West by putting the blame just on Saddam Hussein - we all accept that .
There is a surplus in the textile industry of <unk> billion but there is a deficit of <unk> billion in the clothing industry .
In its conclusions , today ’ s report concentrates on printed materials about the Constitution .
We have to continue to cooperate closely with the Member States in order to improve the reliability of the Community payments .
For the first time , Prime Minister Sharon received these people in his house .
What will the Commission do to improve it ?
– Drug consumption is on the increase throughout Europe .
The next item is the Council and Commission statements on the meeting of Euro-Mediterranean Foreign Ministers in Valencia of 22 / 23 April 2002 and the situation in the Middle East .
The export of live animals forms an important part of the general market mechanism for beef .
We are all <unk> of the recent examples of medicinal products withdrawn from the market on public health grounds .
We are expected to wait until December 2004 to know whether or not negotiations on accession can get under way .
Given the urgency the Council decided to ask the European Parliament for an opinion on this proposal in the next session of <unk> June .
It should also be emphasised that these credit institutions , these funds , only have the facility for cross-border cooperation with countries in the present eurozone .
On each of these sad occasions , I expressed our solidarity with the victims .
Today , I want to express my warmest wishes for the success of the German Presidency .
Although there will be no question of a free trade zone between the European Union and Chile in the immediate future , the rapporteur indicates in her report that agriculture will play a key part in future negotiations on free trade .
We must take action .
Despite the fact that it has been labelled the development round , it is precisely developing countries that will end up being the main losers , as , moreover , it transpired from a report commissioned by the World Bank itself from an independent group .
With your permission , I should like to make one or two personal comments on the subject of Jerusalem .
Some of you will be aware of my support for the right of the male <unk> of the <unk> Italian <unk> family to return to their homeland .
Mr Karas mentioned that I have already stated that I wish competition policy to be an element of the social market economy : I confirm this and ask you all not to consider competition as an abstract concept and the citizens &apos; enemy .
I think he was the right man <unk> for the job for he has a depth of knowledge of Northern Ireland .
Ladies and gentlemen , the European defence enterprise is helping to satisfy the demands of European citizens , which are being voiced even more <unk> at the moment , for the European Union to take a strong lead on defence issues .
In response to Mr <unk> ’ s question , I must say to him that of course the Commission will apply the principle of equal treatment when assessing the progress of the ten new Member States in terms of economic and legal convergence .
Obviously it is a distant country , but nonetheless the regime in power there is literally a criminal one ; the Union ought to make efforts to overturn this regime , before we are obliged , as in the case of Kosovo or other regions , to adopt drastic means .
It is because we are not as committed to this problem as we should be .
We are beginning to ask when they will be transformed into legislative proposals .
Of course , we agree with the Members - in particular the French - on the desire to combine liberalisation with the need to maintain an efficient public service and I believe that all our work must follow that approach .
But all of this is happening partly because of the unacceptable divisions between the Member States of the European Union , whose very credibility is at stake in this crisis .
Mr President , I would firstly like to welcome the information from the President-in-Office of the Council on the progress made in relation to measures for combating terrorism and the arrest warrant .
What is completely lacking is consumer motivation .
For the information of our colleagues , I must say here that the corresponding <unk> should be divided into three parts : one third to prepare the mission , one third to carry it out and one third for rehabilitation , following often difficult <unk> for personnel and equipment .
With reference to the previous speaker &apos;s remarks , we should remember that the United States is carrying enormous burdens on behalf of all of us and we should stand shoulder to shoulder with the United States in these difficult times .
However , there are still some doubts in relation to all these proposals .
We have not made nearly as much progress as we could have done when it comes to <unk> the ethnic divide , which was created by the war , and , I am sorry to say , <unk> by Dayton to some extent .
It would mean that , after a final warning given by the President , their names would be published in the Minutes of our proceedings and then , if they still failed to comply , they would be suspended from the House .
Where renewable energies are concerned , we – not only in the German Great Coalition but also in the amendments we have tabled to the <unk> report – want a new priority to be given to heating , an area in which , for little expense , we can save a great deal of CO2 , and it is for that reason that the Commission wanted to table a proposal for a directive on the subject .
That is why the report &apos;s proposed Article 2 is important , establishing that each Member State shall set up territorial <unk> , with these essentially being compulsory for countries with a population of more than 20 million , the ones where this lack of territorial representation is most apparent .
European military alternatives , on the other hand , would erode the crucial bond of safety with the United States .
We should step up research and development in this area , especially in <unk> near <unk> .
Lastly , in reply to Mrs Frassoni , let me emphasise that you must take my words in their strictest sense .
Maastricht II offers no guarantee that Member States will retain or be able to introduce higher environmental standards .
<unk> have to be sustained and in such a way that they do not violate democratic and fundamental rights .
The answer is that we are observing the situation and I do not think it is useful to issue a series of specific threats .
The principle in Amendment No 16 is also acceptable .
To put it rather dramatically , this decision means that my region can come back to life and that forestry , the fishing industry and biodiversity will be given a chance to repair the damage which has occurred over decades and perhaps even a whole century .
Firstly , the attendance list must really be an attendance list and not a transit list .
( The sitting was suspended at <unk> p. m. and resumed at 3 p. m . ) I know that the Russians have set up an <unk> for emergency humanitarian aid , operating from the airport at <unk> in <unk> .
However , I believe that a common base for corporate tax will be in the interests of competition between Member States and to the benefit of enterprises in the European single market .
Last summer we had several rape cases before the courts where we could directly see the <unk> of pornography in real events with so-called <unk> <unk> of solitary women .
Unfortunately , the nightmare of a &quot; made to measure &apos; human being or the breeding of humans as a supply of spare parts is becoming more and more realistic , and <unk> ethics are being pushed ever forward .
We have just received the reply of the German Government to the observations made .
They <unk> from <unk> to <unk> and settled at 1.27 .
Her group asked for the fifth special objective to be adopted , the one connected with gene <unk> , diagnosis of genetic diseases , cloning , and so on .
Mr President , yesterday , I gave an explanation of vote in writing on trafficking in human beings , and there is no record of it in the Minutes .
That can be checked in the Minutes and , at the Commission &apos;s suggestion , it will be made available only if the Council is willing , because it has agreed to the fisheries policy reform .
I am not naive , I know that such measures will not be implemented overnight and that the political resistance will be strong .
I should like to remind the House that 80 reports are expected to be on the agenda for the March II part-session and 85 reports for the April part-session .
Nobody could imagine that we will ever go back to resolving our differences through arms .
.
The first one concerns due regard for the rights of individuals and the rule of law ; the second one concerns the guarantees and the respective legal systems which provide for the right to a fair trial of an <unk> person .
Only two agencies which do not receive subsidies from the Commission are not concerned , those at <unk> and at Alicante .
In plain language , there are 50 million people in poverty , and over 2 million of them are homeless .
Parliament &apos;s attitude to date has , I feel , been particularly constructive .
Is everyone living within the European Union guaranteed access to culture ?
The Member States take a long time to respond .
Research and innovation for Europe could also benefit greatly from the more <unk> movement of a trained workforce .
However , they also know how important and necessary it is to have defence weapons and they hope - and are expressing this desire to Parliament through myself - that the European Union will have a defence army , a defence air force and a defence navy which are well-organised , <unk> and capable of making people realise , not just in Europe but in places where there is conflict and war too , how important it is that there should be a European Union in the world with military equipment that gives it a genuine defence capacity .
The term of the budget is also a discussion point .
We are at the start of the school year ; in the occupied part of Cyprus , there was only one school , in <unk> , which was allowed to operate .
The Commission shares the views of the European Parliament regarding the comitology procedure and will pass on those views to the Council during the discussions to be held there .
That can help reduce administrative <unk> .
My staff asked for it in Parliament this week and I asked the Parliament office in Edinburgh if they could provide it .
Above all , that means giving jobs and hope to young people .
That said , I should like to make two observations .
It is an appalling indictment of international policies that 70 % of the 1.4 billion people living below the poverty threshold are women .
However , last year the world consumed more coal , more oil and more gas than in 1995 , and by significant amounts , and not only in developing countries .
That related to only one issue , and that was essentially a procedural issue .
This will be one of the main <unk> of my work .
The anticipated rapid expansion of the sector in the coming years will necessarily exacerbate existing problems , with the result that the Union will be required to intervene on several fronts , for instance , in <unk> that existing directives and regulations are enforced .
Thank you very much , Commissioner Lamy .
On the contrary .
I shall adopt a position on the Treaty of Nice when I see the outcome of the negotiations , but there is a somewhat <unk> feel to the debates here .
I would like to address myself in particular to the setting up of a European maritime safety agency .
( Applause ) Yet Mr Barroso points with pride to the fact that the Commissioners he is proposing are <unk> federalists from the right and from the socialists and <unk> .
It is on an island and has its own <unk> .
<unk> should not mean <unk> .
Furthermore , the principle of <unk> must always underpin any exchange of information with the US authorities or those of any other third country .
But what strikes me from this debate here this morning is that there is very strong consensus on the fact that employment remains top of the agenda , that the drugs question must be tackled in an effective manner by all European Member States in cooperation with other regions .
It would risk becoming a body to which we referred even the most minor decisions , as happened in the 1980s .
It is to be expected that there will be an increase in traffic of up to 60 % , along with the predictable consequences in the shape of traffic <unk> , damage to the environment , accidents and the risk of a loss of competitiveness on the part of European industry .
I would point out that , as is well known , the agreement makes respect for human rights an essential feature forming the basis of the parties &apos; external and internal policies .
Our fellow citizens are <unk> with the present system , they are <unk> away from elections and their faith in the ability of the political parties to convey the will of the people is <unk> .
Its governments are , but its public opinion is not .
The hallmark of an EU constitutional treaty should therefore be that it does not unilaterally strengthen the intergovernmental approach at the cost of Community institutions like the Commission and Parliament , that it should not <unk> the EU by creating artificial functions that do not necessarily bring the EU any closer to its citizens and only eat up taxpayers &apos; money , and that it should strengthen the EU &apos;s ability to act , both externally and internally .
That <unk> of approach makes it possible for the Commission to accept a number of the amendments proposed by the Committee on Development and Cooperation at the second reading .
This runs counter to the Commission ’ s agreed integrated approach .
All these objectives will be attained faster and more effectively if the services directive currently under discussion is not diluted , weakened and postponed , <unk> from its original form .
Citizens have a better grasp of their rights and obligations .
The four Nice <unk> are not small or casual affairs .
I am quite aware that the Treaty of Nice does not fulfil all of the European Parliament &apos; s <unk> , but I do believe that this treaty is the best agreement possible , given the existing constraints .
Work on this question has begun .
I ask this because we are already almost a quarter of the way through 1999 , and 1 January 2000 is the crucial date .
The risks of <unk> will increase with new countries joining the EU and with enlargement .
Question No 42 by ( <unk> / 01 ) : The Directive on <unk> <unk> is meant to cover the fourth extremely important area after noise , mechanical <unk> and <unk> radiation .
At one point , the report goes so far as to encourage the EU to ‘ give greater attention to the presence , preparation , training and equipment of police forces forming part of its military missions , since police units constitute the most important means whereby the security of the civilian population , particularly women and children , may be guaranteed . ’ It is a criminal offence to own this pornography , and very often the people using it are only <unk> they are collecting it for the police .
Applause This means that we need to discuss this matter , that we must call this agreement into question , that we must stop funding the civil nuclear sector in North Korea and that , lastly , we must fund a <unk> energy production sector for North Korea .
Mr Pasty said that perhaps we did not conduct an inquiry in which both sides were heard .
What Europe do we want to build if we fail once again to demonstrate the capacity or the will to combat effectively the criminality which <unk> mass <unk> <unk> on the lives of desperate people ?
<unk> interpretation of this article could lead to the use of municipal waste in cement kilns being excluded whereas this type of treatment is provided for by the waste plans of several public authorities .
The third phase - which is unavoidable - has to be that of another Intergovernmental Conference proper .
But the fisheries sector is only part of the activity generated by fishing .
The first of these is the Commissioners ’ lack of any clear and effective authority over their <unk> ( paragraph 29 ) , which means that the Commission ’ s departments have become <unk> in the true sense of the word .
I should also like to thank the President-in-Office for his very full answer and , indeed , thank the German presidency for trying to review the whole sorry duty-free saga .
The <unk> family &apos; at the <unk> summit in Istanbul unanimously upheld US imperialist plans for a new <unk> Middle East &apos; , which make provision for NATO &apos;s relations with Israel to be <unk> .
It goes without saying that the postal services are not a <unk> programme .
We said that everyone ought to be included in the negotiations from the start , regardless of how long it took to conclude them .
These must necessarily be accompanied by democratic decisions taken by a <unk> Parliament and an equally <unk> Council .
This issue , I repeat , is really the exclusive competence of the Commission , so I cannot answer the question .
We will see problems arising in the future with Category 5 .
The violence being <unk> out there has cost many people their lives and the Indonesian authorities have failed to take adequate action against this .
I would like to draw the attention of the rapporteur , Mr Andersson , once more to the role of SMEs and the negotiation on the level of the social partners , in which the specific representation of SMEs must also become possible .
These are therefore the positive aspects , which demonstrate that the system works .
When I was last there I stated this very explicitly , without <unk> much enthusiasm amongst the people concerned with the very critical situation .
However , we will not manage it by the end of the year 2000 .
Moreover , Commissioner Nielsen was right to state that , as an organisation , the FAO remains very inefficient .
As far as the derogations are concerned , the best solution would be for there to be none .
As one of the speakers pointed out , it was mostly to do with American domestic affairs .
On this basis , therefore , we consider that the Hague programme is sick , not only in its application but , more importantly , in general .
However , we are also concerned here with new types of crime directed against the way in which society operates : the spreading of <unk> , <unk> access , <unk> , denial of service etc .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , as you know , <unk> is a product of the political will expressed by the Heads of State and Government during their meeting in Paris in November 1989 , and later here in Strasbourg in December of the same year .
That is why the opinions of the Court of Auditors have frequently been of decisive importance for both rapporteurs and especially for the Committee on Budgetary Control , and why they have also been <unk> in this report .
Péry report Let us hope that we also have good instruments in terms of the financial perspectives .
In recent years the EU has been facing serious economic problems : the Union ’ s growth is below its potential when compared to the US or to emerging countries such as China or India .
Today , I should like to call your attention to the flags of the regions and nations that were not fortunate enough to become a state .
Those points are the environmental and social decisions and preparations for Singapore , the subject of child labour , the effects of textile working on the environment , and on employees too , and the subject of globalization .
What we need is to produce a cost-benefit analysis which is cautious but accurate .
At a time when everyone is discussing the introduction of the euro as the single European currency , we are <unk> in the face of a problem of European customs administration , necessary though it unfortunately is .
I agree that the most powerful weapon against poverty is the provision of more and better jobs .
In order to compensate for the shortcomings and weaknesses of the Commission &apos;s proposal , our Group has tabled several amendments , and if they are not accepted by the Commissioners we will be forced to vote against this proposal .
Unfortunately , it is not even to be found in the practical implementation of Culture 2000 .
This motion refers to the work of the Sri <unk> Monitoring Mission .
You will understand , Mrs de Sarnez , ladies and gentlemen , that I am not at liberty to <unk> the details now , but we will most certainly take account of the many ideas contained in Mrs de Sarnez &apos;s report .
It can be said that the right reserved to Member States to determine what constitutes service of general interest is preserved , and the one area that I would like to deal with specifically is the question of broadcasting .
These points are , today , at the centre of the European Union &apos; s political agenda and will never again be relegated to being <unk> or <unk> issues or merely the responsibility of the Member States .
I do not find that very credible .
However , the people of Belarus know little of our concern for their situation , their life .
Whilst there will of course be differences of opinion on an issue as important as this one , I speak for the whole of my group when I say that we are united in the belief that our moral strength lies in the respect we accord to the law .
I would like to reply to Miss <unk> by saying that what would be applicable in one particular country is applicable to all of the Member States .
One part of this – as some Members have already mentioned – is an internal market for energy with truly fair competition , and we know that we are still a long way from achieving that .
The Spanish authorities provided information on these developments in February 2004 .
We started negotiations on the Commission ’ s proposal with the aim of putting in place progressive rules , with a longer-term perspective , on <unk> gases , and with the intention that these rules would – crucially in terms of our discussions today on sustainability – not only satisfy the demands of environmental policy but also give European industry the security to plan its technical development in advance .
I trust that the Fifteen will share this opinion .
I am glad the Commissioner stressed these .
It has not <unk> that everything is all right .
This was a truly dreadful and horrific accident in which the human factor - the negligence of the crew members - appears to have played a decisive part .
The <unk> of information in advance of a vote , or the alleged quoting of facts from letters which were never in the letters in the first place ... That is not my approach : let &apos;s stick to the hard facts , and prove that the Union is working for the benefit of Europeans - then we shall regain their support !
First , I am not in fact the rapporteur .
If we add the expected <unk> funds &apos; , this will give us a budget of EUR 95 billion .
It is worth repeating the figures : cases among cats and dogs have fallen from nearly 500 in 1991 to just 5 in 1998 .
Instead it seems that it has been raised , although I speak while waiting to see the final text : apparently there was an adjustment in the last hour of the IGC on that .
I felt ashamed , Madam President , in this neighbourhood that refused to be <unk> , that right now there is nothing I can do .
We must <unk> our time and ensure that this negotiating framework can operate , particularly bearing in mind the currently positive <unk> relations .
Mr President , the careers of the rapporteur , <unk> Leinen , and of the political parties in Europe have followed a very similar pattern over these past decades : having started in a fairly lofty position , they are now <unk> the depths .
Unfortunately the mistake was made not only by a number of companies or whole Member States but also by the European Union as a whole .
This last point is unfortunately the most important for us to resolve before we take on our real task in Asia .
Then there is the legal action against Mrs Leyla Zana , a former member of the Turkish parliament , whose party , the <unk> , was also <unk> .
Let me refer you to the explanatory statement for the quantitative aspects of the report and simply mention at this point that the annual level of state aid , on average , for the period under review , is in the order of EUR 95 billion , corresponding to a reduction in the order of 13 % in relation to the period <unk> , a reduction which is essentially due to a reduction in aid in the Federal Republic of Germany .
First of all , I mentioned in my report that the Commission had carried out an inspection visit to Britain , in which the Member States also had the opportunity to take part .
Today , the African continent has a less than 3 % share of world trade .
Fourthly , it makes sense to work more closely with the NGOs .
Therefore , I agree with Mr van den Bos that those two situations are difficult to reconcile .
Trade also provides that <unk> out of poverty which is what our committee and this report are all about .
Children are sexually abused , <unk> and commercially exploited .
( PT ) I have voted in favour of this report , and I agree , therefore , with the conclusions reached by the competent parliamentary committee on its content .
We shall have to make every possible effort to scrutinise international law for ways and means of developing a code of conduct that will justify the conviction on moral grounds of the European firms which violate these principles of human rights .
In my opinion , it is very fortunate that Mrs <unk> should have been given the responsibility of preparing this report on trafficking in women .
If we are to scrutinise these decisions , we need to look into the <unk> of history .
Mr President , we share the concerns of the members who have tabled this resolution on serious setbacks in Guatemala in basic areas such as protection for human rights , the administration of justice and proper management of public affairs .
I would just like to say that I have the report in Swedish here !
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I want to say that I definitely support the proposal that we should vote right now on the motion for referral .
These regular debates on major European issues will come to a <unk> end without the least profit or advantage being drawn from it , as far as I can see .
I am always on the <unk> for areas where the Ombudsman may take initiatives to defend the rights of citizens .
The funds earmarked for vital sectors of the economy in the Member States , such as agriculture , structural measures and external actions have once again taken on a more fitting scale , and this will enable the Commission to see through its commitments .
Might it not be important and positive , besides the information we have from the Commissioner responsible for agricultural policy , to obtain information as well from the Commissioners responsible for public health and for research ?
Along with many of my fellow Members , I really believe that the great symbolic significance of the support eventually mobilised by this <unk> Initiative &apos; , combined with its ratification , may result in a marked , decisive improvement in the situation in Cuba .
In the original working time directive we had agreed way back in 1993 that it would be possible to introduce <unk> of working time for categories of workers , but only where collective agreements allowed that to happen .
What we must be aware of - and many of you are unaware of this - is that for a long time this problem has effectively <unk> any agreement on the Fifth Framework Programme because the Council wanted both to reduce the appropriations for the <unk> while at the same time paying all the costs of decommissioning , as it were .
Here he , and you , Mr <unk> , have one of the most excellent opportunities to do so , by scrapping this whole proposal .
I was especially glad that you began with Europe &apos; s crisis of identity , because it is definitely not just in Ireland but everywhere in the European Union , even in Belgium , that there is a sense of there being a gulf between ourselves and ordinary citizens .
The search engine can identify telephone numbers , the voices of prime targets and the content of e-mails and <unk> <unk> .
It is not going to do so .
We in this Parliament must make sure that it is applied <unk> so that we can protect the stability of our currency .
They deserve our support and they certainly have mine .
The text of the agreement with Senegal was sent to our committee the day after it had been signed , which enabled Parliament to give its opinion in this part-session before the first financial compensation payment was made .
That does not mean that the Commission &apos; s right of initiative is being questioned , but that all three institutions should be more in step in encouraging both openness and efficiency in our joint work .
In the Commission communication on the link between trade system and international labour standards , as it is called , the Commission underlines the need to promote basic labour standards , such as the ban on forced labour and the abolition of child labour .
I should like to take this opportunity to urge the Members of the European Parliament – especially the members of the delegation to Belarus – to support our proposals with regard to <unk> hearings on the media situation in Belarus .
Who wishes to speak in favour of this proposal ?
Recommendation ( <unk> / 2003 ) by <unk> Schroedter , on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy on the application by the Republic of Latvia to become a member of the European Union ( <unk> <unk> - <unk> / 2003 - 2003 / <unk> ( AVC ) ) ; The presidency can help here by organizing a special troika mission to apply the necessary pressure on the spot .
One concerns the Lisbon Strategy .
I would argue emphatically that fewer coins are easier for the user to manage and the increasing use of electronic payment systems for small amounts will further reduce the number of cash transactions like this .
Or will Europe equip itself to regulate that and impose some restrictions ?
I should be pleased to hear what the rapporteur was aiming at with this section .
Finally , I would like to point out the importance of <unk> between people in family , church or home circles .
The Intergovernmental Conference is now moving to a decisive stage .
Accordingly , growth throughout the euro zone is a matter of common interest and I do not feel that the Stability and Growth Pact in its current form is the instrument that we need .
Finally , when we receive the Commission &apos;s updated report , I hope we will be able to quickly resolve any outstanding problems , so that the Maltese people can themselves decide once and for all on their future place in the European Union .
Indeed , the word of God repeatedly and emphatically speaks of hospitality and <unk> to <unk> , as well as true <unk> as a consequence of our love for God , the <unk> of all mankind .
The first thing that could <unk> in is that Member States will seek to use European money to solve their own problems .
But - and I am speaking to you as a Vice-President - it just goes to show the extent to which this period of explanations of vote <unk> Members &apos; attention and how appropriate it would be , in the restructuring you are currently looking at , to examine whether explanations of vote on major issues should not take place - as used to happen - before the vote and not at a time when everyone gets <unk> because all we can do is stay here listening to each other .
It would be liable to be struck down by the Court .
A good working relationship between research centres and industry is essential .
The debate is closed .
Joint motion for a resolution on the preparation of the Nice European Council We have even argued this at the most tense moments in relations between the Council and the European Parliament .
I am therefore grateful , in one sense , that the vote was deferred .
In the event of the Convention method being used in future , its task should be limited to that of acting as a focus group .
In fact , reducing the demand for prostitution limits or helps limit trafficking of persons for sexual purposes .
I would like to take this opportunity to reaffirm the Union &apos;s strong condemnation of the recent terrorist attacks , which cut short the lives of more than one hundred people and seriously injured many more .
Looking at the instances individually , we wonder why they are not given the highest priority .
There are plenty of them , and the main one being the employment initiative .
According to the Commission documents , energy efficiency has been increased by just <unk> % per annum over this decade , because energy prices are so low .
As long as two thousand years ago , <unk> knew that only wild <unk> try to resolve conflicts through violence .
Mr President , since Commissioner Frattini has stated quite clearly that there is evidence of the trade in women and children , along with forced prostitution , increasing during this football World Cup , it is not , then , just a problem on paper but also a major problem in real terms , and it is positively disturbing that this should still occur in our western society in 2006 .
What we bring forward from the Lisbon process and the Lisbon summit , most importantly of all , is access to education , training , learning and knowledge .
Europe must try to promote an integrated policy in order to cope with the changing circumstances as efficiently as possible , and this will mean that the Member States will be forced to take measures which will fundamentally change their existing systems and will be difficult in the short term .
Furthermore , the Council is not here , although it is the institution that ultimately has the agreement in its hands .
The intention is to improve judicial cooperation in criminal matters through rapid and effective legal assistance while still fully respecting the fundamental rights of the defence and the general principles of human rights enshrined in the national law of the Member States and in the European Convention on Human Rights .
In 1991 , <unk> million people were in our workforce .
We are an area which , for the last two or three years , has a single currency .
I did not unfortunately receive an answer to this question .
The view that we developed in Agenda 2000 is that it must remain possible that those that start later but can solve their problems earlier can catch up with those which started negotiations first .
I have read this report with more than the average level of interest .
If this is true , it is in breach of the Association Agreement .
We all know that <unk> take place using <unk> and birds of prey .
A parliamentary salary also guarantees independence .
To me , this assumes that , first and foremost , on a structural level they are determined to resolve the problems in their financial and banking systems , with our help should they need it .
One of the very important points of this renewed programme , which was raised by colleague Gröner , is the fostering of tolerance in young people towards other cultures and other languages .
We have taken as our starting point the stocks in the sea which are generally fished in common .
Following the major problems related to Israel &apos; s isolation from its neighbours , the permanent state of alert related to the state of war in the region and the harsh suffering of the Palestinian people remaining on Palestinian territory or becoming refugees abroad or in the camps , it was essential to take the initiative of finding an alternative to war and <unk> conflict .
We consider it to be indispensable and urgently needed and hope that it actually comes up with the goods that will enable us to carry out enlargement of the European Union in the not too distant future .
It is also worthy of note that <unk> <unk> batteries do not function when the <unk> falls below 10 <unk> <unk> .
We can in fact see that a merger between the New York <unk> <unk> and <unk> could be to the detriment of any European governance .
Once criminal activity is allowed to penetrate so deeply into an economy , both democracy and market principles are under threat .
At the moment we are looking at the question of whose Europe is it that we are creating ; and this report , along with others tonight , is very strong on the fact that this needs to be an inclusive Europe , where people have equality of opportunity to fulfil their potential .
My own view is that the accession of China to the WTO , whilst perhaps not quite as <unk> as a multilateral agreement , is just as important to the future global trade regime , and that a similarly political position might therefore be taken by both Parliament and the Commission .
Consumers should be insured on the basis that it is reasonable for the consumer to expect <unk> , given the age of a particular product .
We would like to take this opportunity to repeat our request that the Commission issue a report on the effects of the euro on countries which will not be taking part , and also on the removal of the uncertainty surrounding the relations and exchanges between the <unk> &apos; and the <unk> &apos; .
Following this brief summary of the content of the protocol , and reminding you that , as a Southern agreement , the shipowners contribute to its funding , I would like to focus on two issues .
The debate is closed .
From a Liberal point of view , I think that these should be very exceptional circumstances and then intervention , perhaps <unk> , should be possible in the case of a bigger budget deficit .
Unfortunately , I doubt that much follow-up will be devoted to it .
We shall not on this occasion be supporting the amendments which the rapporteur is insisting on putting forward , for reasons he has just explained , though we agree with them in principle and voted for them at first reading .
The Socialist Members are also in favour of a specific Commission support framework , apart from the structural funds already assigned in the <unk> , which will make it possible to bring about a restructuring of the sector , the establishment of a compensatory <unk> , the preservation of storage aid and the launching of a campaign at Community level to encourage consumption of <unk> , whether fresh or processed or in new products ( for example <unk> <unk> ) .
I therefore feel that the immediate future could be decisive in terms of reminding the Tunisian authorities of their responsibilities .
You referred to the bad situation of the economy at the present moment .
First we must do all in our power to insist on an end to violence .
It is the <unk> of policy for people with disabilities and policies developed by people with disabilities , decided by them , with their involvement in policy making .
It is hardly likely that the person in question would then have been able to travel to the USA , Canada or Australia with a stamp of this kind in his passport .
This approach is entirely consistent with Parliament &apos; s point of view .
They show us that when Europe is not present through its major national diplomatic figures , it is not present at all .
For example , it is now possible for the Ombudsman to <unk> files .
We lost land and property through <unk> without compensation and I know what that means .
The right of distribution will be harmonized , in order to <unk> the principle of exhaustion of the right only at the moment of first sale in the Community by or with the consent of the right <unk> .
If we were to accept the ceilings in the Gothenburg Protocol , we would never reach the targets that the Union has set itself regarding air pollution .
I would say the same to Mrs Thors , who has been <unk> the Presidency .
We cannot ignore the interests of the farmers and the meat and livestock industry .
Veterinary medicines leave residues which persist for some time in animals , and are therefore likely to pass into the products destined for human consumption : meat , <unk> , milk and <unk> .
Madam President , I am speaking , but it is as though Mr <unk> <unk> were doing so .
( The sitting was suspended at 7.00 p. m. and resumed at 9.00 p. m . ) Mr <unk> said that some of the progress under the ACP-EU relationship in the past had not been as effective as we would hope .
That would not achieve anything .
Mr President , there is a lot of uncertainty surrounding the Cancun conference and the preparatory talks are far from being completed , especially in the sectors thought to be favourable to the developing countries .
The report was accepted unanimously by the Committee on the Environment Public Health and Consumer Policy .
This does not discharge those who keep animals from their obligation of <unk> and good order .
It is only right that the EU should try to help in these different contexts .
I wish to think well of both sides .
( DA ) We have voted in favour of the report on the communication from the Commission concerning the guidelines for EU initiative programmes ( <unk> ) .
That was highly significant .
The agreement must fall if the United States does not comply with the protection of human rights .
However , unless such a measure is introduced stocks will not be able to recover to an extent that permits sustained fishing .
Again we hear of the possibility of including a social protocol in the Treaty and a chapter on <unk> &apos; in the same text .
I am therefore extremely grateful to the European Parliament for tabling a resolution on the Commission Green Paper and I should like to thank Mrs <unk> in particular for the excellent quality and the <unk> of her report .
<unk> of this what you will .
Article <unk> should be used to enforce the implementation of existing legislation .
On 19 October , the Council of the European Union endorsed important conclusions concerning a communication by the Commission on the Republic of Korea .
The banks are ready for this .
Mr President , <unk> is a very common Finnish name : you probably only need an <unk> &apos; or <unk> &apos; at the end to turn it into <unk> or <unk> or something along those lines .
Why do we need to have special rules for car dealers and for car sales ?
Just as you are responsive to us , we have to be responsive to those who <unk> us .
Today , I would like to focus on these two key areas .
They do so for the sake of cultural diversity .
The matter is being discussed today at the <unk> conference .
We will put 25 posts in reserve .
Mr Campos , I know your arguments on the subject of <unk> meal , the argument of <unk> .
Finally , we wholeheartedly welcome this action programme and we hope that it will promote greater knowledge and better prevention .
This demonstrates that subtle <unk> are useful .
It is therefore wrong that countries applying to join the EU should be exempt from the assessment .
I would like to say that I am sure the best wishes of Parliament go to his successor , the Chief Executive , who has a difficult job , but one which I am sure he will carry out to the very best of his ability .
But more should be done , and in the Member States it should be mentioned that as far as the protection of victims is concerned , more effective action should be taken , because a temporary residence permit is often not enough to win true trust .
In fact , in France there is already a similar law in force which covers alcohol as well .
You can buy another bottle of spirits and another 200 cigarettes .
In <unk> , the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly ’ s Committee on Economic , Financial , Social and <unk> Issues attempted to reinforce these signs and give them short- and medium-term objectives aimed at protecting the citizens and development .
I should like to congratulate my colleague , Mr Markov on his excellent report which , moreover , has been adopted unanimously by the parliamentary committee .
It could be a fine example of the basis on which the European Union works and of the extent of our concern for others .
The implementation of the objective being set by the European Commission to strengthen regional , economic and commercial integration is of decisive importance in combating poverty and to the economic development of the African continent .
<unk> report ( <unk> / 2000 ) Regarding the <unk> , the Transport Committee has submitted an amendment , and it could be that something will come of that , but I expect to hear the Commissioner soon on this , saying that we will still have to accept some of the old equipment .
Our colleague Mr Mohamed Alí has <unk> delivered this report .
The establishment of a common currency is a decisive step towards the strengthening of European integration .
<unk> to power have dictated the conditions for cooperation in the region .
Since March of this year we have had the problem of what is going on in Kosovo .
They all concerned our constituents and exercised our legislative minds .
This industry is represented not only by the large enterprises of some countries but also by the small , sometimes very small , and medium-sized enterprises of countries such as my own , Italy .
With regard to the <unk> and the transitional period for their dismantling , my Group insists that the Commission should make the greatest possible effort to limit that transitional period .
Integration in the host country is not for them , nor do they want it in the least .
There cannot be competition between us and America .
Mr <unk> and Mr <unk> did well .
On the one hand , we must and will ensure continued protection of our industry against unfair trade practices .
Mr President , divisions have emerged within the Council over the choices made this week but , if we care about having a Europe which is politically <unk> , we have to look to the future and work for the Europe of the future .
It is important not only to facilitate , but also to restrict where necessary .
There is now consensus on the need for a flexible , dynamic approach to respond to the challenges of globalization .
The application of these apparently technical principles involves making a judgment as to their social , cultural or other appropriateness , even though there is no effective mechanism with which to monitor their application .
The money for the KEDO project has been frozen and we are doing absolutely nothing else about energy provision there .
We must not permit that .
As the honourable Member on the other side of the House puts it : liberalisation is not an end in itself .
It is necessary for the future of Europe .
Finally , if we are to deal properly with all these issues , we must have a proper legal base for energy policy in the European Union , and a first step towards harmonizing Community requirements on this issue is to ensure that the Euratom Treaty is fully integrated into the Treaty on European Union .
This is not the first time that progress , and even the right of defence prior to hearings or to appeal , seems to have been compromised by the Commission denying undertakings access to full information or evidence against them .
When one speaks of economic and monetary union , and in the context of the way the Euro is handled , women must be integrated as <unk> , as consumers , because I think it is on this condition alone that we can make a success of the Euro .
The EU has undertaken to reach the development aid target of <unk> % of GDP on average for all EU Member States by 2006 .
Mr President , given the history of the United Kingdom in relation to the BSE crisis , some delegates may consider that the UK is <unk> from giving an objective view .
In some cases laws are still made by civil servants ; in certain areas this is a practice that is even on the increase .
The Commission corrected and modified some of those amendments , and added its own .
As far as I am concerned , the Copenhagen agreements are acceptable .
The quality support group will enable a more deliberate and <unk> handover from the programming part of the total activity to the office .
Both <unk> and <unk> will also force the postal services to be really competitive .
The establishment of this court is a great preventative measure .
In summary , therefore , the mandate which the Council has given to the Commission , in our opinion , corresponds to these balances and deserves our full support .
( EL ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the concept of innovation is increasingly present in our objectives and policies at European and national level .
Yet the best way of providing protection would be not to use products which give rise to such serious risks to workers &apos; health , and to replace them with less harmful products as soon as techniques are <unk> and replacement products are discovered .
We know that this will undoubtedly be our most challenging presidency to date but we also know that we will have your support as we attempt to be an effective and an impartial <unk> in search of practical and even-handed <unk> in the interests of the European Union as a whole .
Members of this House have even received hostile , threatening and aggressive e-mails from the organisation this week .
That is the real question .
We should not abandon that principle .
Quite correctly , he notes that the majority of the EU &apos;s budget is administered in the Member States .
Mr President , Commissioner , I really must confess , before asking my question , that the figures I gave for Denmark &apos;s catches in comparison with those of Spain and France were wrong : I did not mean to say Spain and France together , but six times more than Spain and six times more than France .
My office was only able to start the work with the <unk> at full speed from the beginning of this year .
Mr President , I should like to join in welcoming the commitments given by Mr Barroso with regard to the resolution on which we have just voted .
Since we cannot pick out individual points but have to decide whether we have this fundamental confidence in the collective body , that is precisely what our group will be considering this evening .
Otherwise , we are going to get in a complete <unk> and off track as far as time is concerned .
These rules may in no way represent an obstacle to the development of the internal market nor call into question in any case the acquis communautaire .
( Applause ) In my view , he has more than justified that confidence .
Yet , as you are quite aware , this Convention is the product of the failure of Nice , and its success will be measured in terms of its ability to constitute a break with the intergovernmental method of reforming the Union and to involve representatives of the people and civil society in the process of European integration .
We take seriously the fiscal pressure on the Member States .
.
We are opposed to the inclusion of bottom set <unk> nets because , as everyone is aware , these are <unk> nets .
That does nothing to make it any more real , however .
We are talking about <unk> the stability and security without which coexistence and progress are <unk> goals .
That will require some political courage and also concessions on our part .
We must tackle this dependency and this situation through two fundamental fields of action : <unk> our sources and saving energy .
One of the factors which <unk> such a view is recognition of the reality that , if the IGC was not satisfactorily concluded this year , the prospects for establishing a constitution for the Union will begin to appear remote .
I can reassure that Member : Mr Michel has not simply disappeared , he left to catch a plane to Madrid where crucial discussions will be held concerning the presidency .
We all agree that it is a good thing .
The continued military occupation is turning the country into a special theatre of operations for the terrorists , who are even forming another coalition , <unk> though it may be , bringing together <unk> returned from exile , all kinds of <unk> and <unk> of the <unk> <unk> apparatus .
( PT ) Although I believe that creating a genuine European area of free movement and genuinely defining the Union &apos;s citizens &apos; right to residence justify promoting a coherent and <unk> policy , I have had to vote against the report .
Six days later , it published the communication we are debating .
What is stupid about the Stability and Growth Pact is not so much the form as the content .
I do not believe this is a matter for subsidiarity .
But it is not a point of order .
Many Members also mentioned <unk> .
If I have understood correctly , you asked if we shall convene an extraordinary Foreign Affairs Council in the wake of developments in Serbia .
At least , I cannot recall hearing any .
Finally , it is important to allow and encourage importation into the Union of a quota of bananas produced and sold within the framework of fair trade , and we therefore support the two amendments tabled on this issue .
I should like to ask the Commission whether they see any means of enforcing the measures referred to in point 4 of the resolution and whether they are hopeful of success in such an endeavour .
We must continue with these efforts .
All of these considerations have been approved practically unanimously by the Committee on Women &apos; s Rights and Equal Opportunities , but they will not be enough .
The use of <unk> , such as trained dogs and <unk> , appears to yield particularly good results in practice .
We are particularly dependent on the continuation of an EU system of export subsidies in order to remain competitive on export markets .
This will allow ECHO to continue its action in support of essential early recovery , notably for water , sanitation and housing , thus bringing our total humanitarian support to over EUR 50 million .
Next there is the issue of the relative price of cereals in the EU compared with the price on the world market .
Let me list just some of the <unk> in the German restrictions : the ban on <unk> &apos; , limitation to twelve months , a ban on <unk> employment , and a ban in the construction industry .
I am very pleased to see now that the honourable Member &apos;s report fully supports the Commission in securing an extension of the initiative beyond the end of this year , subject to some amendments .
Mr President , as rapporteur of the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy , I should first of all like to congratulate Bulgaria on the progress made : 26 chapters have been completed , six others are still open , but much more remains to be done about the prospects for investment ; this will involve establishing a transparent and unambiguous business climate , so that businesses know that their investments are safe and cannot be lost as a result of corruption .
We must all be aware , however , that this is a broad issue which does not solely concern financial legislation .
No concessions , either , to the Le <unk> and other <unk> who speak in <unk> of hatred and often blame immigrants for all our ills .
Following the approval of the Amsterdam Treaty , our committee received several documents <unk> the progress made in the <unk> of issues relating to immigration , asylum and refugees , in addition to all the other work being carried out within the framework of the third pillar .
You can provide state aids that are <unk> , even by a Commissioner as powerful as yourself !
There have been discussions and the US side has given certain assurances .
<unk> pictures of serious maltreatment of detainees by the police were recently broadcast on German television .
Moreover , it is regional and local authorities that implement a large portion of EU decisions .
The report tabled before us correctly states that this lagging behind is due , on the one hand , to the fact that Europe is not producing a sufficient amount of research results which can subsequently applied in the business sector .
The astonishing thing is that this is an area about which we are all agreed , and yet , especially in the Member States , it has experienced <unk> over recent years .
I would also add that the countries of central and eastern Europe can already benefit from the Phare programmes .
That is bound to be the case , given the very positive spirit of cooperation prevailing between Parliament and the Commission in this and other fields .
That is why South Africa passed a law in 1997 so that its <unk> could benefit from suitable care .
So , although it expresses a worthy sentiment , the recommendation of the rapporteur will be to oppose Amendment No 6 .
All the political groupings are aware of the disastrous impact that this fall in coffee prices will have on the economy of a number of the poorest countries in the world .
We are here in the realm of unanimity and , while certain Member States will intervene strictly on the basis of national interests by exploiting VAT rates , they are blocking the extension of this system at the Council , a system that has proved its worth .
In this regard , I believe that the needs defined by the European Cultural Foundation in July 2004 , calling for an annual budget of EUR <unk> million , quite reasonably pointed to the need for a more generous budget .
Mr President , Mrs <unk> has done good work in her survey of human rights breaches in Member States and I am sad that the Christian Democrats and Conservatives are so opposed to it .
Once the Euro 2000 <unk> has been evaluated , the Commission and these two countries will establish more concrete contacts .
The President of the Commission and the President of the European Council will then have the opportunity to emphasise directly to the US President the degree of importance we attach to this issue .
As the speaking time allotted to this subject is exhausted , Questions 53 to 59 will be answered in writing ( 2 ) .
( The formal sitting was closed at <unk> p. m . ) At the very time when we want to give an extra chance to democracy in countries such as these , and I have Turkey in mind , we ought to be putting these proposals forward .
In this regard , freedom of the press , which I would like to emphasise today , and the status of journalists are without doubt the best examples of this set of shared values .
In the northern part of the country water supplies are also cut off .
If we do not find solutions to these problems , our <unk> will soon be as empty as this House is at the moment .
This contrast was highlighted once again during the debate on car <unk> .
Mr President , I should like to put another oral amendment to the vote , which needs to be voted on first .
I consider all this to be positive although I would prefer - and I say so now on this occasion - much more to be spent on the prevention of diseases .
I would like an answer from the President-in-Office as before , particularly about Mr <unk> <unk> .
But how can you preserve a bilateral framework when France itself will have moved into a multilateral context ?
We therefore have to realise that persistence is needed at times when our policies may be able to bring about practical results which do not in turn foster new crises .
We at our end all do our utmost to explain to the citizens what enlargement is about , but we cannot do this alone .
Mr President , Commissioner , the European Free Alliance has not approved of Customs Union in the past .
I for one do so with enthusiasm rather than reluctance .
It is extremely innovative and is greatly welcomed by these countries .
The Council &apos;s commitment on trans-European networks via the interinstitutional agreement is politically very important and must not be undermined and <unk> by the European Parliament itself by <unk> sums to cover gaps in the budget or to build up reserves .
This has been confirmed by recent public surveys that although they demonstrate little public awareness of the IGC itself , they nonetheless show that a majority of public opinion wants priority to be given to tackling the drug problem on a European-wide basis .
I helped to organise the first protest demonstration in London against the 1973 coup and I have never forgotten the <unk> stories told by some of the refugees who came to Britain of suffering , of losses , of relatives <unk> killed .
On behalf of the European Parliament , I hope that your meeting here in Strasbourg has been successful and productive , and I wish you a safe journey home .
Furthermore , in seeking to resolve any legal ambiguity , the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market has ended up further weakening the environmental objectives .
The whole of the EU has an interest in its being possible to be resident , and earn one &apos; s living , throughout the EU .
So we shall be more than happy to vote in favour .
Mr <unk> , you began , however , by saying that , at eight <unk> ’ clock on 1 January , Europe was given a shock where energy was concerned and that we were given it by Russia .
Mr President , I welcome the work done by the Commission on China so far and the input of Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner tonight .
Through both these measures , the euro is striking a fatal blow at the sovereignty of Europe &apos;s nations .
Are you aware of the situation and do you intend to introduce specific measures to remedy it ?
Increased competitiveness , rather than more regulations , will make it possible to avoid &apos;the European model &apos; <unk> socially .
More than half of this entire period is now behind us , Commissioner , and just one single active substance is to be found on this positive list after six years .
Mrs Eriksson , I quite understand your strong feelings and your comment , but the Council will not be tempted even by Members of the European Parliament to infringe the Treaties .
Whether the case is before the Court or not , given that we are co-legislator it would be <unk> if the European Parliament did not have an opinion on whether a Member State is <unk> .
We face a <unk> of stocks already which puts fishing into a crisis situation .
The Commission has never contested that , as regards concrete criminal sanctions , the Community cannot <unk> to act in the criminal area in isolation .
We come now to the crucial point .
These problems are as old as duty-free sales themselves .
- ( PT ) This initiative , which aims to encompass the various directives in force in this field within a single text , is very important .
It is no use simply giving people a <unk> of land ; they also have to know how to <unk> it .
Small business organizations do have a role , and clearly they must have greater access and greater involvement , but not merely because small businesses wish to reject social legislation .
Mr President , Commissioner , we feel that this directive is far from satisfactory because it involves a combination of two texts , one on the incineration of dangerous waste and the other on the incineration of <unk> waste .
For the first round of dialogue with Iran , the initial assessment is <unk> positive .
The previous communication was on local employment planning and , as the interventions by numerous honourable Members have demonstrated , <unk> workers in a third world country can hold workers in a region of Europe hostage .
I therefore agree with Mr MacCormick &apos; s proposal not to waive Mr <unk> &apos; s immunity .
The Commission is prepared , however , to adopt this amendment .
However , it is widely recognised that these controls are carried out differently in the different Member States .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as rapporteur for the Committee on Regional Development , I have to say that I regard the budget with which the Council has presented us as unsatisfactory .
I believe that President Bush is right to call for a UN resolution on this subject now .
Similarly , sustainability and social cohesion must be considered as objectives of economic policy .
This includes trafficking in women and the sexual exploitation of women .
It seems reasonable to suppose that it is not increasing by chance and that it really is the result of <unk> climatic changes .
The Commission &apos; s proposal , however , is extremely superficial and starts from the premise that those who stand to benefit from alcohol sales will work to prevent greater consumption amongst children and <unk> , which is quite a utopian idea , as is well known .
We must be aware therefore that there is still a great deal to be done as regards implementing the current regulatory framework before we change it .
The vote will be taken tomorrow at 11.30 a. m . It is hypocritical of us to ignore the fact that , in this way , the notion of asylum is <unk> , when rejection or repatriation is often tantamount to a death sentence .
Report ( <unk> / 2001 ) by Mrs Lucas , on behalf of the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy , on the proposal for a Council decision establishing the Community position within the <unk> Joint Council with a view to the adoption of a decision implementing Articles 6 , 9 , 12 ( 2 ) ( <unk> ) and 50 of the Economic Partnership , Political Coordination and Cooperation Agreement &#91; COM ( 2000 ) <unk> - <unk> / 2000 - 2000 / <unk> ( CNS ) &#93; My final point is that the political commitment made by the European Union to South Africa justifies the kind of flexibility the Commission has proposed .
Naturally , there is a certain justification in saying that if steps had been taken a long time ago the catastrophe might possibly have been avoided - yes , we must acknowledge that fact .
The key point is that the quality and relevance of evidence of traditional use is more important than geographical origin .
The rapporteur believes that there is a need to go further than the Interinstitutional Agreement ‘ European Governance : Better lawmaking ’ , because the aspirations of the European Parliament have not all been realised .
So I should like to pay tribute to the Algerian press , one of the most independent in the Arab world , which has paid such a high price at the hands of those who are <unk> opposed to any form of freedom of expression and who dream of an <unk> people subject to their <unk> .
This report is a good and important initiative .
Indeed , it was one of the notable successes of that presidency that it achieved agreement on the preparations for the single currency because , as we know very well today , the euro is up and running along the right lines ; its other achievements included the successful completion of Articles <unk> and 103 of the Treaty by formulating the economic guidelines and incorporating the employment objective ; again , it also succeeded in completing the negotiations at the Intergovernmental Conference .
May I say that I am personally confident of the fact that an agreement between the European Parliament , the Council and the Commission will be achieved on these issues .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by congratulating the chairman of our committee , Mr Böge , on his work , and the rapporteur , Mr Medina , on steering his excellent report to a successful conclusion .
I hope that you will be pro-active rather than sit back and let things happen .
Finally , as producing countries , already aware that cocoa prices are today at rock bottom , we are in danger of making them collapse completely , if we adopt this position .
In addition , paragraph 3 provides for the granting of aid to production under the regime envisaged .
Indeed , there is such a promise , as regards the Cyprus issue , but it would cost Turkey nothing to begin negotiations , to talk for 15 minutes and then to have done with it .
We need an Intergovernmental Conference to tackle the institutional review which did not happen at Amsterdam .
Millions of young people could benefit from <unk> .
This funding for population and reproductive health care will be <unk> to provide abortion in developing countries , according to the <unk> Sandbæk report .
I repeat that I am trying to give a clear indication of the state of play to the honourable Members .
The majority of our group will not be voting for the deletion of Article 4 , but we do think that the Commission should present better arguments , and our Amendment 107 contains a request to that effect .
These are honest information to the consumers , the diversity and quality of products , the interests of national companies .
I will take that as an interesting intervention .
As I see it , question time has again been deferred and shortened .
My second comment is about subsidiarity .
However , it does not go far enough and some of the amendments proposed are a step backwards and we will reject them .
Madam President , I would firstly like to thank you for your commitment and for your immediate reaction to the latest terrorist attack in our country , because it is terrible that , once again , an attack has been made on probably one of the most respected people in the Basque Country .
I would like to express my gratitude to Parliament for supporting the efforts of the Commission on the issue of the directive , but it is clear that we need a conciliation procedure for those important outstanding issues .
Where we have seen such consolidation , it has been an expression of genuine cross-border integration and produced sound conditions for consumers and customers .
I therefore propose voting against the Socialist Group ’ s amendments , particularly against Amendment 6 .
We do not want religious or political symbols to appear in passports and on identity cards .
Mr President , congratulations to the rapporteurs and Commissioner Papoutsis , who has not had an easy task here .
However , we <unk> them down and they have all now been suspended , frozen .
I think we are going to lose a rather useful piece of legislation which would have put in place a necessary supervisory framework for one of the growth areas in financial services , namely the storage of cash on plastic cards and other forms of <unk> .
The Turkish membership perspective dates back to the Association Agreement in <unk> .
Paragraph 26 talks about languages and this , I believe passionately , is the crucial medium of communication and the most <unk> and valuable identity <unk> especially for smaller countries .
It has taken nine years to get this far .
Some fifteen years ago , I launched a campaign in Belgium under the title &quot; <unk> colleague , <unk> &quot; .
This is an important condition which we make here in our report .
We cannot have loopholes in the law and human dignity must clearly be our guiding principle .
<unk> farming is like that : it is of no <unk> use , but it makes life <unk> .
Of course , the weight of our responsibility here in the European Parliament and in the European Union as a whole , faced as we are by the nightmare of unemployment , gives no cause for celebration .
The programme provides for a budget of ECU 50 million for the period from 1996 to 2000 .
That concludes the vote .
I think it is of great importance too for the Commissioner to tell us how he would like to change this organization to give shape to projects of this kind in the future .
We are doing this in spite of the fact that we do not wish to see a common asylum policy , the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights and the development of an EU human rights agency .
I am convinced that , with 27 Member States , it will be impossible for the European Union to be as active in the same breadth and depth as it is with the present fifteen Member States .
The most vulnerable sections of society , including women and children , should be the main focus of assistance .
At times like this the Union must act fast , but finds it cannot act fast .
There is no reason for this dialogue to be weighted in favour of any one community .
In this connection I might say that the President-in-Office of the Council in the Transport Council represents my political group and is doing some <unk> work .
For the first time , the report combines the work of the EU in different international organisations with our relations to third countries .
The Commission declared 1999 to be the year for combating violence against women .
Parliament can most certainly welcome the fact that the Council has retained almost all the elements contained in the amendments adopted by the European Parliament at first reading and that the common position has taken sufficient account of the main concerns expressed by Parliament .
We shall naturally participate in this vote .
At present , there is a great deal of suffering in silence .
We still have a long debate ahead of us .
It is imperative that we continue with this process if we want to help to establish the values of democracy , freedom and equality throughout the world , to make every day a day of greater peace , peace which is increasingly understanding of others and increasingly shared with others .
Here , we have to develop a common economic policy - we owe it to our citizens !
Amendment No 2 , of which I am a <unk> , is designed to clarify the term ‘ journey ’ in order to prevent the maximum duration of transport being exceeded by the back door , so to speak .
I do believe that by frontloading , we are , in a relatively simple manner , reducing the risk of problems arising .
This proposal for a directive is another decisive chapter in establishing clear rules during the actual shaping of the information society .
I would like to emphasise that for all that , we have done something : we provide over 50 % of total development aid in the world .
Regarding vaccination , the huge numbers of animals slaughtered and destroyed during the outbreak last year had a profound impact on public opinion .
When discussing the single currency and its preparatory stage we should not forget , however , along with shop workers , bank staff who will be doing all the practical work leading up to the single currency , and this under the threat of future unemployment We would be taking it out of one <unk> to put it in the next if we aided women &apos;s employment in retail and at the same time witness perfectly able women bank employees in their <unk> and <unk> being relegated to the <unk> <unk> .
We in this House thought we should make a number of constructive and useful amendments to this rather technical proposal in order to accommodate a number of justified concerns on the part of the current operators in the field , without , however , losing sight of the ultimate goal .
( IT ) Madam President , although I had requested the floor to speak about ten documents , I shall limit myself to the explanations of vote on the Figueiredo and <unk> reports .
Since 1980 , the burden of tax has been shifting from mobile factors such as capital to the least mobile factor of labour .
I find that wherever people are in the world , they tend to perceive themselves as being at the centre of the <unk> .
I noticed from Mr Tillich &apos;s draft report that the Commission and Parliament agree on the need to support the Member States in their efforts to meet the convergence criteria .
The first observation to be made about these scenarios is that they directly link a settlement of the Cyprus problem to accession and , in any event , do not even address the commitment given at Helsinki that a settlement is not a condition of accession .
For all these reasons , I hope - and we all hope - that this multinational force which is going to open up the humanitarian corridors to allow the direct distribution of food to the endangered population will be in place as quickly as possible .
The EU has raised the issue of developments in the Caucasus in its political dialogue with Russia , supporting all efforts to defuse tensions and resolve conflicts .
The definition here of what may be registered and on whom is very poor .
In Ukraine and Georgia , popular movements against such authoritarian leaders received support from the West , and rightly so .
I voted for the Fernández Martín report because it sets out extremely well the problems related to ultra-peripheral regions .
As Commissioner Patten has just stated , <unk> against the United States is no substitute for a European foreign policy .
This is serious business and EU governments must look closely at the different options available to us .
The Dutch model which allows drug shops , which in the Netherlands are given the unfortunate English term &quot; coffee shops &quot; , presupposes a division between soft drugs , namely <unk> , and hard drugs , such as heroin and ecstasy .
That is quite logical .
<unk> environmental solutions too may require investment if they are to be profitable .
I hope that , tomorrow , a clear message will be sent out , and not just from this House .
As you know , in this area the Council has left it to the Commission , based on decisions taken by veterinary <unk> from the Member States , to decide on measures generally taken by the Member States .
The worrying thing is that these negligent attitudes , in spite of the verbal assurances from the new Commissioners of their complete availability have been repeated at least in the behaviour of some of the Commission &apos;s officials and services , who have supplied only some of the documents requested and have given <unk> designed more to defend the personal positions of their colleagues than to help <unk> the truth .
Rather than allowing our age to be characterised by the setting of new records in spending on <unk> , we must do everything we can to discharge our responsibility to the world at large .
My friend Mr Lehne has given the position of the EPP Group .
Secondly , the Kurdish organisations reached an agreement in Washington .
We take a very clear position on the death penalty around the world , and that relates to our friends in the United States as well as to others elsewhere who may not be quite so <unk> .
As the French socialists see it , we should instead promote economic growth by bringing interest rates down , abandoning the fight against inflation , which is now in any event practically non-existent , channelling profits towards investment in order to create jobs , implementing a regeneration programme based on the Delors White Paper , and reducing working hours so that people can share them more fairly .
We must ensure value for money .
A scenario such as this naturally has no place for neutral countries .
For us it is a question of consolidating the legitimacy and identity of the EU .
Do you intend to conduct more in-depth controls , rather than the superficial controls which appear to have been the case in the past ?
As you know , the situation remains extremely delicate and Mrs Pack even drew my attention to the matter when I reported on the General Affairs Council decisions of 8 October .
<unk> out projects is fine and exciting , but how can that be done without the necessary funds ?
Since then , the European Commission has been dragging out its plans to harmonise corporate tax and above all to harmonise taxation of savings , especially as the single currency has heightened the distortions between many tax systems , with all the risks of relocation and competition between them .
The best way to ensure peace is to find means of making coexistence possible , with guarantees for both parties .
Those three principal objectives were in the original proposal that came from the Commission to Parliament on first reading and has subsequently resulted in the common position .
On behalf of my group , I should like to take note of the important declaration made by Mr Fernández <unk> at the end of his speech , about his position on the subject of <unk> - something he is right has never been dealt with and I think that we ought to deal with it separately in due time ; as far what was said by the Council , I should like to thank , although the President-in-Office of the Council is not here , but he was here this morning , Mr Spring , who read out to us a very complete report of everything that the Union did in 1995 and so far in 1996 .
Speaking for myself as a Member of this House , this does not mean we are taking an <unk> attitude about <unk> such mistakes - quite the contrary .
Of course we would have liked to see it held in Vienna .
As I said , they are on the agenda for the summit in <unk> .
The percentage of persecuted women who are granted refugee status is truly ridiculous .
Today &apos; s sitting has been marked by a constructive and open discussion ; as a result I am able to say that the overall balance is highly promising even if , as always in such cases , there are both positive and negative aspects .
The intention was also to avoid forms of discrimination , and resulting distortions of competition , between sectors subject to the Directive or entities operating within the same sector .
If we wish to travel to the United States , we will have to abide by conditions set by the United States .
The outcome will be the further <unk> of education and research to the needs of the market and their conversion to <unk> &apos; provided by university <unk> &apos; , in a bid to increase their customer base , especially from an international <unk> elite .
Madam President , I have to say that this is the first time I have voted to waive the immunity of Mr Le Pen .
The European institutions play a key role in this .
I am grateful to Prime Minister <unk> for committing himself to this road , which is still the road that has given the least favourable results compared with expectations .
We nevertheless hope that the Commission and the Council will be sufficiently <unk> towards the amendments that have now been adopted .
As a <unk> and a Catalan , I should be very disappointed , and yet I am not .
In my opinion , most of the proposed measures are very useful and offer prospects for agreements to be negotiated at institutional level .
Mr President , I wish to raise a point about yet another problem with the travel office in Strasbourg .
It would be a much better option than full membership on current terms .
This is an initial experiment with a decentralised <unk> programme .
Also related is whether action can be taken on sites that are fed in from other Internet service providers from outside the European Union .
To put things in a less <unk> way , Mr President , a state of emergency has been <unk> , and it is correct that the Maoists have <unk> the negotiations , but the rule of law is meanwhile being undermined .
The abolition of the death penalty is an elementary principle in the state of civilisation in which we now find ourselves , and nobody should be deprived of their life by a court sentence .
Moving a car from one Member State to another entails considerable obstacles , which are still due to different tax laws and <unk> administrative legal practices .
Mr President , I congratulate the rapporteur on the hard work he has put into successfully preparing an excellent report that deals with such a difficult and controversial subject .
.
By the same token , the Framework Strategy for Gender Equality encourages an <unk> approach and women ’ s access to jobs in the new technologies sector .
I wish to assure you that one of the aims of the Irish presidency is to make the EU more focused , more flexible and more responsive at the United Nations .
I will address my final remarks to the Commissioner , even though she will probably never speak to me again .
As we all know , the Dutch watch their <unk> .
We also support the idea of a correction mechanism to compensate those countries that , under the present system , account for a disproportionately large proportion of the EU ’ s income .
I wish to say one last thing : to congratulate the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport on its work and in particular the suggestions that it presented to the Commission on the future directives on television , radio , communication , transmission and telecommunications in the digital area , <unk> accepted in this report and which feature in paragraph 29 of the resolution that we will be voting in favour of .
On the question of the transport of radioactive material , the Greens in particular quoted America as a <unk> example of safety standards .
To conclude , Madam President , if you will allow , Annex IV of the Treaty of Nice is certainly the best thing about this agreement .
It should therefore remain under national parliamentary scrutiny .
This proposal will , we believe , have virtually no support among the peoples of Europe .
Consequently , I believe that the European Union should play a key role in the fight against dumping , by means of social and environmental provisions , together with financial restrictions on imported goods , should this prove necessary .
I would like to thank the EP President for his decision on that day to order that the state flag of the Slovak Republic in front of the Parliament building fly at half <unk> .
Even vocational experience or practical exercise can , according to the directive , be <unk> to a three-year or five-year course .
We cannot proceed according to that kind of principle .
Since Saturday night , rail freight has been prevented completely from going through the tunnel .
It is therefore striking that the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) is not mentioned even once in the entire report , in spite of its being one of the most important tools we have in this area .
Question No 54 by <unk> Theorin ( <unk> / 98 ) We should state quite firmly that Europe must show solidarity in the fight against terrorism , and that this will hopefully be the case both now and in the future .
What did you say about the most intractable problem of all , namely transport ?
Mr President , the Members of the Bonino List firmly support the Bösch report and , since I do not suffer from the ideological prejudices which often <unk> the behaviour of certain elements of the Socialist Group towards us , I would like to thank the Group for the amendments which it has tabled .
I agree with Mrs Buitenweg , and my Group opposed <unk> on this matter because it had already decided .
It is simply not on .
But since I am sure that this situation will not arise , I would say that we have no need to worry about this problem either .
As you know , we have now issued a White Paper on environmental liability .
I hope that what is written in the newspapers is correct because it is obvious that it is not just the Scottish fish farmers who have suffered greatly .
Mr President , in relation to promoting gender equality in developing countries , it is clear that poverty is one of the issues that has to be tackled .
Mr President , I have already said that I support this request .
The UN must decide even at this late stage on strict sanctions against the <unk> and must supervise payment of the compensation .
Now we Europeans have a serious problem : in the financial perspective , this Parliament wanted us to spend <unk> % , but the President-in-Office , Mr Blair , lowered this to <unk> % .
Too much has been allowed to go on for too long .
I am therefore confident that the Commission will help us to ensure that the concrete measures proposed in our draft report are actually taken , particularly the legislative measures to improve the protection of European citizens and European companies , the specific proposal for an additional protocol to the European Convention on Human Rights which would <unk> Article 8 , efforts to reach a much needed agreement with the United States and many more measures besides .
It is inappropriate because Parliament - and it is paradoxical that our group should end up defending the rights of Parliament on such a serious matter - in reality refuses to exercise the authority it draws from the Treaty .
As far as the Commission &apos;s policy for its own personnel is concerned , the House will know that since 1988 the Commission has adopted two positive action programmes .
This might well not matter to us in Parliament if our influence and supervisory powers were enhanced accordingly .
I believe this is directly at odds with the Commission &apos;s and Parliament &apos;s approach to the issue , as regards the legal basis .
A new statistical system is needed in order to levy VAT on intra-Community supplies .
By using this article we would be sure of being able to tackle the question of tourism globally , at European level , without infringing the principle of subsidiarity , as in the case of industry .
In particular , the aim is to compile a list of sectors in which calls for tenders will be issued with a view to <unk> projects , some of which will be designated as being of <unk> interest &apos; and hence eligible for financial support from the Community .
However , the Council is convinced that the objective set can be achieved by making a better choice of measures applied against ships which are <unk> , for example by stepping up port state controls .
Still more can be achieved if the Commission is prepared to go along with the suggestion for a detailed multiannual programme for Central America which Mr Carnero makes in his excellent report .
Thirdly , it is clear that the sum of the reserves of the participating countries is greater than the sum necessary to support the European currency .
– Mr President , the Commissioner has already mentioned one of the problems .
Mr Van Miert has since begun to investigate possible violations of the rules on competition , so as to ensure that there is competition between financial service providers in respect of exchange-rate fees and other bank charges .
Madam President , you have forgotten to congratulate the rapporteur !
<unk> of this agreement is generally based on the fact that it would limit the political options in developing countries in the area of public health .
The rapporteur is right to emphasise , in line with the Commission , that another intergovernmental conference is necessary and urgent to provide acceptable solutions to the various institutional problems which have existed for a fair number of years now .
We must learn lessons from this concerning the discussions held which will lead to the adoption , between now and the end of the year , of a White Paper on the subject .
We have left it unclear , we have left it vague .
We needed this warning , however , in order to be made aware of the dangers connected with this disease .
Because Europe has the greatest diversity of <unk> areas in the world , and because quality sparkling wines are produced everywhere in Europe , such as <unk> &apos; in Germany and <unk> &apos; in Southern Europe .
It is of course also important to regain the confidence of private investors in this sort of saving , not least in the interest of building up fully funded supplementary retirement pensions .
I should just like to add that there is a need for legislation on financial <unk> in the area of consumer and housing credit and insurance in order to protect consumers in cross-border markets .
The situation that has come about since 11 September means that everyone , on both sides of the Mediterranean , must avoid any <unk> equation and must work together to eradicate terrorism from its breeding grounds , which can only encourage the most violent forms of fundamentalism and nationalism .
I will be delighted when the directive will actually be adopted tomorrow .
The Committee on Fisheries has taken the very commendable initiative of developing a view of EU fisheries after 2002 .
The question is very difficult to answer , Mr von Habsburg , because some people claim that the sales in question are <unk> <unk> or purchases that are only made because they are available .
It has to be clearly pointed out that the figures presented by the Committee on Budgets do not constitute a stand on the result of <unk> .
It is now time to coordinate these different aspects more effectively and to develop new , <unk> approaches , making it possible to anticipate future developments and enabling individual players to prepare for the future .
We welcome your desire to be the President of a strong Commission , and several times you have mentioned the responsibility that you , as President , will have for determining overall policy .
Russia will also have to face up to the need for fundamental acceptance of the rules applicable under Community law , and we are working on the assumption that it will accept them .
The intergovernmental method of negotiating EU treaties where leaders <unk> behind closed doors on matters of importance for all our citizens has come to an end and is now also dead .
This regulation lays down all conflict of law provisions in insolvency law in a <unk> , conclusive and binding manner , as a European legal norm , whilst upholding national systems of law in the matter .
We have only just begun it and we must stick with it .
Thirdly : The average per capita income of the <unk> regions , which make up 10 % of the Union &apos;s population , is still <unk> times higher than in the regions in which 10 % of the poorest inhabitants live .
I can say on behalf of the Legal Affairs Committee that we are in agreement with what the rapporteur has presented , and we will also , for our part , support it .
I remember that an undertaking to update this directive was given in Edinburgh back in 1992 .
Now some people say that that is a problem , but I disagree because a smaller shop with a smaller range of goods usually gets their supplies from a wholesale <unk> where the prices are already marked .
To that end , I wish you much success in Pörtschach !
Will we be able to keep those promises given the <unk> budget proposed by the Council for the tenth EDF ?
Amendment No 18 , which describes in detail the doubts over the effectiveness of cover , because it is too mandatory .
Trans-European transport network The World Trade Organization is , in my view , the appropriate forum in which to raise trading relations with Japan .
It was quite interesting to hear what Mr Prodi said today because he sounded quite enthusiastic about the European public prosecutor which is quite a shift from what we have seen in the past .
Mr President , I spent the period from 3 to 6 January as a European observer in <unk> to witness the holding of the country &apos;s first democratic elections .
A profound structural crisis , says Mr Wolf ; excessive taxation , says Mr Cassidy .
The Commission is continuing and will continue its efforts towards third countries , in accordance with what you too said earlier , in order to abolish this tax exemption for <unk> , which clearly does not have positive environmental results .
I believe that the mechanism we have proposed for this conference has been very well received by the various governments .
The areas particularly at risk are those where sea level is critical : countless Pacific islands and all the small island states of the Caribbean and Africa , as we have shown in the basic report of the working group which I chair in the ACP-EU Joint Assembly , which will meet next week in Brussels .
I would like to make two further comments .
Do you not think that it would be beneficial to lift the embargo on Serbia in order to normalise the area economically and also to benefit Kosovo as a province of Serbia ?
What conclusions can we draw from this ?
Our proposal relates to aid that is required to assist the completion of restructuring programmes commenced some time ago and which are necessary for legal and technical reasons .
( Mixed reactions ) I share this hope , for I too take the view that the European Union , by creating ecological networks , can make a positive contribution to our continent .
The Irish presidency will continue to support Commission initiatives to combat trafficking in human beings , bearing in mind the contents of that declaration and the work of the expert group on trafficking in human beings , which was established in 2003 .
We strongly endorse the principle of country ownership of development policies which is intrinsic to this <unk> approach .
The resolution has been adopted , and I would like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Bourlanges very warmly , as well as everyone who helped to make it a success .
The Commission will now do its part for the duration of the programme , tabling motions for measures that will be required to implement the result we now have before us .
Mr President , what will it take to make the debate on human rights something other than what it is today : an ideological instrument which helps to <unk> peoples rather than free individuals ?
The primary task of this House , the supervision of the European Commission , must have priority , in addition to the responsibility for legislation in which the Parliament has the power of codecision .
We must make them associate the Union with job creation and social progress again .
While I am sympathetic to the aims of what we are trying to do , I very much doubt that an <unk> debate under the urgency procedure is the right way for Parliament to deal with this matter .
I hope you will understand my reluctance to <unk> the President &apos;s <unk> ; at the present time , therefore , I should just like to make a few general remarks .
All that would do is make things difficult for the country .
This has to be written !
We must therefore confront an illness and its complications - which are admittedly a major element - whether <unk> contamination , which essentially means <unk> or AIDS , social contamination in the form of family <unk> , <unk> and <unk> , or judicial contamination through the resultant <unk> .
It is true that in Greece the differences between the richest 20 % and the poorest 20 % of the population are very high in relation to the average .
I think you know as well as I do that OLAF ’ s core tasks – in other words , what was reinforced and , in part , newly established in 1999 – are indeed the internal investigations , the rights to conduct internal investigations , and the duties to do so .
I call on the Commission to assess the impact of the application of the WTO rules on EU Member States , particularly the new ones , to review foreign trade policy , and to take steps and preventative action to eliminate negative consequences on EU textile , footwear , <unk> , <unk> , automobile and other industries .
Consequently , there is no hope of actually obtaining a moratorium on the death penalty if we do not also impose sanctions on those who enforce inhumane and fundamentalist laws and cover up terrorist actions as well .
We shall then have a sound solution .
The involvement and participation of the sector in decision-making should not be forgotten given that these decisions affect the viability of fishing , jobs , living conditions and the very survival of families which live in European regions highly dependent on fisheries policy .
Secondly , while the Commission has until now treated Dublin Bay as still partially classified on the basis of evidence that qualifying <unk> areas may still have been omitted it will need to consider any evidence offered by Ireland that the site is sufficiently classified .
In this context , Chancellor Schröder emphasised that this dialogue is not a one-way street , but that it should allow both the Council and Parliament to influence each other &apos;s opinions .
The conditions laid down by the December European Council have been satisfied , and this <unk> the way for opening accession negotiations next Monday .
High levels of unemployment , inequalities in the distribution of wealth , poverty and social exclusion are also causing rising social tension , something to which we in the EU are not <unk> .
As regards 1996 , the present financial year , we are hoping - this is the Commission &apos;s proposal - to be able to increase our commitments for these policies on demography and women to some ECU 90 million .
If we do that , then what will happen ?
He said : ‘ We have been shot in the legs and asked to run the <unk> ’ .
What can the European Union do in the current situation ?
Having welcomed that report , I would say that we still found areas that were wanting and areas that could still be strengthened .
One feels really powerless .
I should therefore like to take this opportunity to call on the <unk> authorities to comply with basic electoral principles during the forthcoming parliamentary elections .
Since 1992 , the <unk> <unk> has become a hallmark of environmentally-friendly products , ranging from <unk> machines to writing paper .
The EPP / <unk> Group supports the view of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs that the Ombudsman &apos;s competences should be enlarged and the sooner the better , especially in the fields of the Ombudsman &apos;s investigative powers laid down in Article 3 of the 1994 decision .
The Secretary-General of the Berlin <unk> , an important regional <unk> of the <unk> Union in Germany , has quite clearly stated in the report submitted here , and which bears his name , that he is in favour of maintaining the individual &apos; s right to asylum as a fundamental right .
The debate cannot be reduced to a clash between Member State protectionism and Brussels <unk> , useful though it undoubtedly is to guard against excessive <unk> .
Now I wish to add three demands to the list already presented .
However , before <unk> accusations at what are undoubtedly democratic countries , we must firstly have full knowledge of the facts and circumstances .
We must , therefore , <unk> this debt .
Some matters are still under discussion in national courts , and it is therefore not possible to provide more exact information .
The European Parliament , albeit elected by universal suffrage , never enjoys any powers other than those delegated to it by the different nations and their parliaments .
It is clear to us all that it will require a great effort on our part if we are to create regulations for mutual recognition of diplomas .
We had no problems in doing so but I would , however , like to raise several points that I feel strongly about in relation to the debate on immigrants from the southern Mediterranean .
We have the strong impression that this still has not been regulated terribly well .
- ( PT ) I am delighted , not only with the content of the European Commission &apos; s new policy on chemicals , but also with the importance it is attaching to this policy , as clearly demonstrated in the strategy approved by the European Union for the <unk> + 10 &apos; Conference , which is due to take place in 2002 .
I feel , Madam President , that Europe , which cares so much about the quality of life of the European citizens and the quality of all kinds of consumer goods , should force life assurance undertakings to respect this directive and subscribe to the declaration : &apos; This is a reliable assurance company in accordance with the European directive &apos; .
In this anniversary year this Parliament and Europe as a whole should rejoice in knowing the freedom upon which they are based .
The world women &apos;s conference in Beijing is over .
There are still political prisoners in Serbia today ; they are actually the prisoners of <unk> Milosevic .
Incidentally , we support the Commission &apos; s proposals concerning the extension of the directive &apos;s scope of application to include services , and also the incorporation of <unk> products , even though there is certainly still a lot more that could be done in these areas , which will no doubt fall to us in the future .
Opinions are divided .
Well , all I can say is that , unless the Member States of the European Union go off their <unk> , they will not appoint anybody who will take a different view .
It is as though a mechanism <unk> began to work again .
We want to help in the integrated mission for police training , and for training connected with justice and the rule of law in order to enhance <unk> .
Mr President , we have heard it said on numerous occasions during this debate that the draft Amsterdam Treaty fails to prepare the Union &apos;s institutions for enlargement .
However , our Mediterranean policy is our most neglected , <unk> and ineffectual policy .
I think great efforts are being made to secure balance , and we want to be there all the time , as Mr Schulz said today , to secure that balance that is the European identity .
The experts speak of a cultural problem , I think they might be right !
Could we ask you to press the secretariat of the Council to get on with it ?
Sometimes one option is right and at other times a different one is .
Finally , what is there to say about <unk> which affects 50 per cent of the <unk> section from which the coins will be made ?
Indeed in many ways it heads in precisely the opposite direction .
<unk> stability will probably not survive the coming turn of the year .
I would point out that I still support the idea that teachers wishing to take part should be able to submit individual applications .
Therefore , Mr President , I have one last request : we need to make haste !
I would also like to say that many infringement actions derive from <unk> given by companies and point out that , within the scope of the broader consultation opened up by the Green Paper on public contracts , that gave rise to a further 300 contributions , one aspect much taken into consideration is that which seems to make the notification of things going wrong more effective .
I do not want to further <unk> what is already a tense situation , but the respect for our Rules of Procedure which is fundamental for the conduct of this House &apos;s business requires that even that particular part of the Rule be respected .
Our group shares the rapporteur ’ s concerns .
Many consumers will tell you that it is impossible to tell where the poultry meat comes from in the <unk> foods we buy throughout the European Union .
National laws or clear collective agreements between the social partners must be introduced , just as the practical work on securing a better working environment could be greatly improved .
To increase <unk> and thus speed up the completion of the works , we propose increasing the contribution from the Community budget from 10 % to 30 % for the cross-border aspects of the highest priority projects .
This is because we believe that it will only work if , firstly , the Member States realise that only the joint institutions can act and that bilateral initiatives also weaken the individuals concerned , even if they think that it makes them appear particularly powerful in the media .
The debate is closed .
Now the Council has to show that it can reach consensus .
The rapporteur bases this proposal on two arguments .
There is certainly a contradiction between the fundamental decision and the application thereof .
The report , and I quote , draws ‘ attention to the need to ensure transparency and speed up the privatisation process ’ .
There is broad consensus here in this House that we must take climate change seriously .
Furthermore , I believe that more importance should be attached to preserving and passing on the regional languages , <unk> and <unk> of our rural and island regions , as these are also part of our heritage .
We must ensure that there is no artificial reconstruction of abstract languages that are removed from the regional realities .
I also believe new ideas such as <unk> <unk> <unk> , to <unk> fix CO2 to the ocean <unk> , need further investigation .
Will there be another Intergovernmental Conference ?
But we must know that the trust of European Union citizens cannot be <unk> by complicated texts , but by the performance of the European Union , by jobs , economic growth and the effective representation of common European interests in the world .
Mr President , in three days time I will be leaving for Egypt as rapporteur on the association agreement , but I realize that the political aim of the Barcelona initiative is in danger , and along with that the development of a zone of stability .
I will ask my services to look at how sustainability is enhanced by different certification and assurance schemes , including Fair Trade .
For this reason Member States need to support their film industries , national film <unk> and film projects , or a gap will appear in the film records of parts of the history , life and culture of the nation .
That is why we are taking some time to consider what is the best way forward and to get the best synergy possible .
It is because we are keen to see this idea progress that we have put forward this proposal .
China is the second largest world power in the world and is neither a democracy nor has a market economy .
The areas of concern I have about the amendments and some of the proposals put forward relate firstly to tax harmonisation , which I oppose totally , and secondly to increased regulatory supervision over the operation of these funds , because we already have a raft of legislation governing investment vehicles and investment instruments .
Can we please be clear about one thing : British farmers are certainly very much affected , but they are affected because a government did nothing for ten years .
Personally , I take the view that the text proposed by the Committee on Women &apos; s Rights has taken too much on board , and in some places , it is not very stable , in legal terms ; it does not demonstrate the responsible attitude which the Council and the Commission are entitled to expect from their co-legislator , namely Parliament .
We do not understand why , for example , the United States trade representative , Mr <unk> , is today developing the worldwide international <unk> theory to say that the United States is being attacked through steel imports .
<unk> years later , some might say that it is still struggling .
We force people who want to migrate here to assume the status of an asylum <unk> .
The earlier draft for the Regulation itself was to a large extent satisfactory .
This is certainly the case for <unk> vehicles .
The target set as part of the Millennium Development Goals 2000 , aimed at reducing child mortality , will be missed by <unk> million .
I understand the <unk> of my Labour <unk> and can see that they would like this removed .
There is therefore a need for simplified registration for small enterprises when it comes to non-hazardous chemicals .
– Mr President , I should like to congratulate Mr Fava and the Council of Europe rapporteur , Mr <unk> <unk> .
What is happening where and what are we going to do about it ?
This was not the case .
Many people in our group support the starting points and the objectives in the Commission &apos;s proposal .
No agreement will ever be reached if our way of negotiating never rises above this , and I say that as one who is <unk> in support for a multilateral system .
This mass of detail , with so many exceptions , is not an example of good legislation .
The committee felt very strongly about that .
Three questions need to be addressed .
Moreover the Commission has found other measures which will significantly improve the pollution <unk> , namely - and we have already touched on this - by introducing <unk> systems and by monitoring vehicles in use .
Mr President , I must first say how sorry I am to have arrived late for the debate , meaning that I did not hear the rapporteur ’ s introduction .
However , specifically in relation to <unk> issues , I think it would be better if his passion and , I would say , <unk> were to give way to a greater sense of reality and <unk> .
We need to ask the question : why is it that in the case of <unk> , of Asia , of South Africa , we are seeing increases ?
The whole issue of fast-track marketing is extremely concerning for the Greens .
In other words , the level of counterfeiting is low , a major factor in which is the high level of cooperation among the relevant services .
This would derail the debate on those topics concerned with promoting the objective of sustainable development .
The Treaty is certainly a good deal for countries of Central and Eastern Europe , but equally for existing Member States of the Union .
Is it not deeply offensive that one European Union government has invited Mugabe to a summit conference in Paris ?
Mr President , I am aware of the concept of <unk> of membership of the European Union .
I simply think that the problems that have arisen on this occasion will certainly be examined by the Committee on Budgets , within the working party specifically set up by chairman Wynn to deal with the subject of this institution &apos; s policy on subsidies as a whole .
This debate will hopefully contribute towards fresh progress in the fight for women ’ s rights , which is pursued in a spirit of solidarity .
In this context it should be noted that the implementation of the Rome Statute in national legislation is a demanding task which , in a number of cases , even requires constitutional amendments .
The balance between privacy and security must not be altered by adopting information and communication technologies that have been created by governments as a response to the increased risks posed by new and dangerous criminal phenomena .
As you said , Commissioner , unless we send a signal at the appropriate time , we shall not be able to use the <unk> reserved for Galileo and the related functions .
Overall , I feel that the solution is satisfactory .
It is important that Europe in this respect - Mr Barón Crespo has actually said this on behalf of our Group - adopt its own , <unk> role .
At that time , the first reading of the regulation had already taken place and political agreement had been achieved at Council level in view of the common position .
But the rapporteur is not very practical , at least it does not seem so in the Spanish <unk> which have not been translated in our version .
European leaders before us were prepared to dream of what could be .
In our view , anyway , cultural objects ought not to be treated as mere goods , and their import , export and movement should be controlled or prohibited so that the artistic , historic and <unk> heritage of nations can be protected .
The Commission is , of course , ready to help and support this initiative .
We feel impact assessments are absolutely indispensable to improve the quality of European legislation but we would like to take it a step further in two important respects .
The incorporation of aviation into the Emissions Trading Scheme , as proposed by the Commission , is a better alternative from an environmental and economic point of view .
If the Commission implements the White Paper objectives , it seems to me that discrimination within the internal market and between external and internal legal advisers will become more pronounced and hence even less acceptable .
We were never told that everyone had to be here when we hand in the explanations of vote so I suggest that this should be valid for all those seven Members .
Over 10 % of farmers in Austria , in other words <unk> businesses , engage in organic farming .
Mr President , I have nothing to add to what I have already said .
It must be guaranteed that the abolition of the ratification procedure for specified areas of policy would not entail any weakening of the rights of the Member States and that the European Union would not acquire for itself a right to extend its powers at the expense of the constituent Member States .
In the 1970s , it was said that 0.7 % of the budget should be contributed to the developing countries .
In the meantime , patience and research are called for .
We have been talking about this for more than ten years and still we are awaiting action .
The <unk> of the services market is good and we should say so loud and clear .
It is not right .
The topic of instability within the financial world markets will also be discussed in Genoa .
The EU should use its development assistance and other external powers to pursue the objective of binding minimum standards with respect to the social and environmental performance of companies .
Now , all those who before had their foot on the brakes are coming and telling us to implement the open declaration .
I am now waiting for the commencement of the second stage of dialogue between our two institutions on these legislative proposals and I am sure that it will be as constructive as the first stage .
With this in mind , we would also like to express our regret that Parliament has not taken this opportunity to investigate the confusion in this area which has existed for years .
The third Special Report of the Court of Auditors , which is the subject of this report , highlights the programme &apos;s <unk> for the <unk> time .
We do not agree with this type of tax because its application , in the event that it could happen , would not achieve the aims which Mr <unk> presented at the time and which the Left in this House wishes to revive .
Without being necessarily hostile , we should therefore like to join the Commission and the Council in studying the consequences and the <unk> of this proposal in great detail in the coming months .
I think that we need further discussion on three points in the report .
The excuse that no regulation is worse than a minimum regulation is unacceptable , for the regulation we have before us will gradually lead all the EU countries to tolerate irradiated foods on their markets .
Like them , I want to make it clear that many of the evil deeds carried out during his time deserve <unk> .
Report Coelho ( <unk> / 2001 ) I do not think that we resolve any problems by politically <unk> allies .
Mr Karamanou , I do not know whether Commissioner Fischler understands Greek too .
The Tories used to announce every year that they were blocking a few arms exports to ruthless regimes while at the very same time proceeding with much greater deals .
Against this broad satisfaction , there are , of course , some points of concern .
We need to be seen to be practising what we are preaching .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Luxembourg has always been convinced of the key role of the European Parliament in Community life and has therefore not spared its efforts , each time it takes the Presidency of the Council , to maintain an intensive and constructive dialogue with your Parliament .
There is also a quite different aspect of the agreement which has a considerable air of secrecy about it .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , if we examine the so-called progress made in implementing the area of freedom , security and justice , the picture is pretty devastating .
I would like to outline three points at this stage .
I want to thank the President and the Commissioner for their understanding .
There are clearly many <unk> &apos; along the path towards the creation of the single currency .
The Summit will have to deliver a strong political message with regard to the crisis , recognizing that it has global implications , highlighting the contributions that European partners have made , confirming the commitment of ASEM partners to undertake the necessary reforms and underlining the need to resist protectionism and pursue further liberalization as the most effective <unk> to any calls for protectionism in both Asia and Europe .
We all know that water is a commodity without which mankind cannot live and that it is imperative that its quality should be preserved .
The second <unk> aspect is that we are today discussing human rights and citizens &apos; rights , a subject over which the European Union has no form of jurisdiction .
This would indeed be an important contribution to the defence of European interests and to the strengthening of the European prospects of the countries in the area .
Europe has been producing mad cows , dioxin chickens and other such <unk> .
In the field of agricultural policy - I want to make this very clear - it would have been better to talk from the beginning about adjustment and further development of the reform of 1992 , and not to act as if you wanted to <unk> the wheel every five years .
The resources used were wasted and poor countries were not helped .
So how are we to deal with this situation ?
Would the Council representative therefore pursue this matter in the Council and consider bringing France before the Court of Human Rights ?
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the <unk> Federation Summit has been one of the most important events to be held during the Italian Presidency in the field of the Union ’ s relations with third countries because of the strategic significance of relations between the European Union and Russia .
It is essential for Berlin to provide new momentum and to demonstrate that the initial differences are now being overcome .
If it turns out that these completion dates cannot be met , I would hope that the Council – and by that I mean not the Council as a whole , but the Member States – will say that that is not what they want , that they cannot go along with it , and that the projects cannot be completed .
A reservation is made in respect of the legal basis of this report .
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Friday , 13 June 1997 .
It is also important that Turkey facilitates the return of internally displaced people to their original settlements , ensures fair compensation for those who have suffered loss and damage as a result of the security situation , and addresses the abolition of the village guard system .
In our 1998 communication on the external service , we made it clear that any Member State that wished to keep a presence in a third country without maintaining an <unk> was welcome to use the Commission &apos;s delegations .
Reference to <unk> ought , however , to be introduced into Annex 1 , Part A , alongside reference to dogs and cats , and , if this is not approved , <unk> should continue to be referred to in Part B as per the Commission &apos; s proposal .
The Council , and the Irish Presidency in particular , led us to believe that a deal was within reach if we were to reduce the amount to EUR 145 million .
The Council and Parliament have agreed , as Minister <unk> has just explained , that the entire flexibility reserve may be used for financing expenditure on Kosovo .
The following question has been taken over by Mr Evans .
No genuine cross-border appeal and <unk> procedure currently exists .
Madam President , tomorrow I am going to vote for the Dimitrakopoulos / Leinen report .
From an Irish point of view it is essential that this funding continue after the year 2000 and up to the year 2006 .
What are those objectives ?
We have kept our promises .
The old <unk> of harm reduction is only the <unk> that sets the <unk> rolling .
We are also critical of some aspects , and there are certain things we would like to see .
As I have already said , we are <unk> the willingness of Member States to send a mission to <unk> the Maltese coast ; there are now eight Member States who have <unk> their readiness to participate in this second mission , following the one organised for the Canary Islands .
However , its objective is to complement the insufficient outcome that I acknowledge will most probably be the concrete result of this <unk> legislation .
Mr Hänsch , if my information is correct , and I have not had a chance to talk to you about this , but I say this with all due respect to our former President , Klaus Hänsch , then our former President specifically made the same point in relation to the <unk> case , that is to say that we should await the outcome of the appeal procedure before we reach a decision here .
Our resolution opens the way for that .
Relations between the Union and the candidate countries have gradually been strengthened through various procedures , association agreements , structured dialogue on a series of issues , accession criteria , accession negotiations and pre-accession mechanisms and procedures .
Madam President , the adoption of Community action in the field of public health is greatly welcome .
Mr President , I am preparing myself in case , on Wednesday , the House should adopt Amendment No 74 to the Rules of Procedure , which radically reduces Mr Fatuzzo &apos;s opportunities for delivering explanations of vote .
According to the <unk> you said that my presence would be recorded at all future roll-call votes .
Mr President , the way in which the 1997 programme has been achieved and the content of the 1998 programme are witness to the political ambition of the Commission .
I would therefore ask you to take a vote on whether the vote takes place today or whether it is adjourned .
The Council has adopted the decision on combating vehicle crime .
I have <unk> believed that there is a case to make for India as a permanent Security Council member and , possibly , also Japan and Brazil .
Such a finding is not always negative for the complainant , who at least has the benefit of an explanation from the institutional body concerned .
The local populations obtained very little benefit from this arrangement .
We in this House have submitted one other , on which the deadline had not yet been reached , to the <unk> .
As I have already said , other conflicts relating to religious differences are very important and we should be careful not to overlook or marginalise these other aspects .
You know that I am a great advocate of Parliament &apos; s seat in Strasbourg and I have also regretted all the <unk> again made this morning by those who wanted to prevent us from voting today , because they simply want to ruin the Friday sittings in Strasbourg and for everything to be concentrated in Brussels .
Furthermore , the directive should refer to the fact that honey does not just consist of various <unk> , chiefly <unk> and <unk> .
The macroeconomic policy enshrined in the structural adjustment programme must be geared to ensuring the provision of basic social benefits for those living in poverty .
We need to consider whether , in some cases , the rules and procedures set out in the current Lomé Convention relating to contracts , the allocation and management of financial resources , and respect for commercial rules of origin , may not be the subject of mismanagement and even corruption in some ACP countries .
Therefore , consumers and producers must unite to obtain greater guarantees of the <unk> principle that food should be healthy .
Rule 96 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure states that once the agenda has been approved , it may only be changed pursuant to Rules 97 and <unk> to <unk> , or following a proposal by the President .
At that time , Parliament made a very moderate choice , but even that went too far for the governments of a number of Member States .
The European representatives constantly claim , as <unk> did , to be honest brokers , but in reality , they mainly defend Palestinian demands , which is detrimental to the EU ’ s independence .
The absence of an independent electoral commission , the absence of fair access to the media , the absence of any guarantee of the right to campaign , have all led the opposition , which is in the majority , to boycott next spring &apos; s legislative elections .
These were the words of the Holy Father John Paul II , the supreme authority in this world .
In environmental issues , and I do not know if this is true of other areas , such slow progress can have irreversible effects .
It provides security .
Madam President , Commissioner Barnier &apos; s speech has confirmed how close the positions of the Commission and Parliament are .
In its place now , because of trans-European networks , we have the framework for a planned , coordinated attempt to switch traffic from the roads to the railways , the maritime sector and to inland waterways .
Right now , I can do no other than to encourage the Member States to make use of the flexibility that is there , and to do so in such a way that they meet to the maximum possible extent the needs of the specific situation in an actual region , such as the one to which you refer .
That is why Sinn Féin , in particular , has to break the wall of silence so that it can set its community free .
We should be counting every euro , and , as President Prodi will be aware , I am very much in favour of stability , but the outcome of Copenhagen must not be that the whole enlargement project is deferred for lack of agreement on the financial issues .
We know that many Member States have failed to comply with this directive .
We are working hard on preparing a proposal and I have already said that I am aiming to submit the proposal to the Commission in <unk> 2004 and then present it to Parliament and the Council .
I should also like to draw the honourable Member ’ s attention to the fact that we have Court of Justice <unk> at our disposal .
I support him in saying that the ECU <unk> should be removed and so do a lot of my colleagues , as Mr <unk> said .
Moreover , I believe that the rapporteur ’ s contribution contains many important points which should definitely do more to direct our overall thinking as we face the future .
Before getting to the essence of the report , we would like to highlight the importance of Parliament &apos;s role in this matter , which is in effect to give its consent to tax in a field which is already widely <unk> .
During the first week of the work of the Commission on the <unk> of Women , the European Union outlined its commitment to promoting the role of women in conflict prevention and resolution , <unk> and democratic processes after conflicts , as well as after natural disasters and during reconstruction .
Madam President , the events of 11 September 2001 reminded the world that peace and security cannot be taken for granted .
The second message we have for the Ukrainian people is closely linked to the first one : Ukraine matters to the EU and <unk> <unk> , especially since enlargement .
I note too that Mr Barroso failed to mention the reasons why the Lisbon Strategy has not yet been satisfactorily implemented .
Furthermore , Agenda 2000 identifies SAVE and <unk> as priority programmes .
<unk> seems to want to <unk> this small , courageous <unk> people off the map for <unk> being <unk> by an Indonesia of 150 million Muslims .
In a way , that is also why we are still using the present <unk> , and we have tried to make the process we have now so effective that we really can put an approval through , while at the same time trying to improve the system .
It is failing to delivery security from fear , even though we talk a lot about creating an area of freedom , security and justice .
We have recently taken a further decision and , from next year , there will no longer be a sitting on Friday <unk> .
My question to you is this : if you say that your work is for prevention , and if you say that the Commission has shown itself to be capable of learning to respond to your <unk> , how then do you assess the ability of DG <unk> to learn something for 1997 or 1998 and following years from the mess of 1996 ?
Mr President , the proposal before us today is not a budget , it is an exercise in budgetary inflation , a <unk> of appropriations .
Thank you , Commissioner , for the <unk> with which you worked on the <unk> and structure of the programme .
Let us work to ensure that sport is <unk> .
I cannot , however , under any circumstances accept revenge policies , <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
We therefore concluded that , between what the Court of Auditors was asking for and what we felt it was possible to grant it , the increase <unk> to 48 people .
Firstly , we must combat <unk> petrol : it must urgently be eliminated .
We can sit back on our laurels and wait and see .
I shall be very brief , Mr President , as I only wish to discuss one very specific aspect of the European Union &apos; s external actions .
As they deal with the same subject , the following Questions Nos 29 and 85 will be taken together .
The report proposes , among other things , that the costs of agricultural and regional policy must be considerably reduced and that funds must be set aside from the budget in cases where they can create basic conditions for employment and growth .
I just wanted to point that out in order to clarify the procedure ; the content of the resolution will be decided by the vote .
No progress has been made on the Cyprus issue and no progress has been made on the Kurdish issue !
<unk> the subject of fuel standards should provide the opportunity for being much more vigorous in introducing specifications in favour of bio-fuels .
The Commission itself uses a great deal of restraint when applying its right to take action against Member States who are in default .
You have a <unk> talent , but what do you use it for ?
We are also seeing that almost all new jobs are part time , while the number of full-time jobs is falling .
<unk> it not at least to be stated in writing that all existing agreements shall continue in force until such time as they are altered ?
Now a problem arises concerning the interaction between the law of contract and insolvency law .
There are many problems still to be resolved relating to human rights and fundamental freedoms , nationality , the guarantee that China will respect the ban in force on the death penalty , religious freedom , freedom of association , the regulation of the two official languages of the territory - Chinese and Portuguese - and the need to establish an independent judiciary as quickly as possible , specifically with a local court of last instance .
In other words , they have , politically speaking , chosen between the two options .
You in particular were <unk> in calling for the employment title to be included in the Amsterdam Treaty , as a commitment to concern about jobs .
In this regard , I take note of the strong message from you on the need for significant improvements to simplify the <unk> .
Besides which , it does not work .
There are , therefore , <unk> between the G7 and our activities within the European Union .
I believe you will need it , but most of all Europe will need it .
I must say that I have not heard any comments this morning on the fundamental issue .
The next item is the joint debate on : It is true that the end of the Cold War was a help and it is also true that with peace in Guatemala , the last civil conflict which existed in Central American countries has now been settled .
The election campaign raised considerable hope in Algeria and among its partners in the international community .
Mr President , as this will probably be the last time that I will speak in a debate on the environment to which Mrs Wallström will respond , I should like to thank her for her commitment and efforts over the past five years .
Such a symbol , therefore , could be misused in order to <unk> the consumer , and would be contrary to the aim of the proposal .
<unk> building is as important as the clause , and the existence of the human rights clause in the association agreement , or in partnership and cooperation agreements , creates the basis for this .
Let us pursue a common energy policy , for example .
And why until 2003 ?
We believe the vast number of recommendations of the Wise Men &apos; s report should be implemented .
The two communities are increasingly segregated - and both are armed .
Whereas taxation should help to reduce the gap between the richest and the poorest , it is actually making it wider .
This could cause serious problems in terms of lack of supply and dependency and could prevent us from seeking solutions for essential uses and lead us to establish parameters that are beyond the limits determined by analysis or to have plant protection products evaluated by interested NGOs .
He said that he hoped the money raised by this <unk> would go towards improving the infrastructure around the south west of Scotland .
Consumers may refrain from using more advantageous or less expensive services because they lack the necessary information or , indeed , security .
First of all , there is the fact that we are dealing here with an own-initiative report by the Committee on Fisheries , but the Committee on Fisheries has failed to obtain the opinion of the committees that must always be consulted .
Yes , I too must compliment you on having basically made a move in the right direction with this initiative , because the old block exemption regulation , for all its good points , is quite simply and <unk> out of date .
And , in any event , I believe there must be an early assessment of the effects of liberalisation both in terms of safety , social and environmental repercussions , the effect on the interests of clients and users and on public service as well as the development of intermodality , and also its effect on the companies involved within the transport market .
In April and June of this year , before the Baltic Summits in <unk> and <unk> , the Commission had the opportunity to put before the Chamber its ideas on its involvement in cooperation with the Baltic Sea region as a means of guaranteeing stability and prosperity for the peoples living in that region .
The situation in Ireland is extremely serious and unless there is some recovery in prices , many farmers will not survive .
The consumer decides on price .
Do you want statistical shortcomings to increase pressure on the new Member States , which are being forced into the ruthless privatisation of all state property ?
This is why there are two reasons for not <unk> them .
– Mr President , Commissioner , along with the entire communications infrastructure and the media , the rail network is crucial to turning the European Union into a political entity without frontiers .
We cannot say that the Americans have to <unk> to multilateral commitments but when the same commitments work to our disadvantage try to deploy <unk> arguments about consumer and health protection and so on , and <unk> our commitments .
We have to <unk> on people that , at the moment , we <unk> an average of <unk> grammes of CO2 per kilometre by car and this must be cut down to 120 grammes per kilometre .
This provides an ideal way of <unk> this issue by looking , for example , at the journey of the packaging of a chocolate bar from the <unk> to the incineration plant .
<unk> and promoting the Polish model of forest management is , in my view , desirable .
The American boycott is <unk> .
He was wearing some <unk> , but only his night <unk> .
Amendments Nos 3 and 4 would lead to requiring operators of <unk> <unk> sites to include information on training measures in the notification and to inform the competent authority in the event of a modification of an installation , establishment or storage area .
I am therefore going to tell you , ladies and gentlemen , or rather reaffirm , the state of mind shared by President Prodi and the College of Commissioners , and I shall be extremely attentive to what you have to tell me , either on behalf of your political Groups or as individuals .
There is still very significant room for improvement .
This is more than the <unk> Tories did for small firms throughout the whole period of their <unk> <unk> .
‘ During its meeting held on Monday 20 March , chaired by the <unk> of State , his <unk> Mr <unk> Kabila ’ .
The judiciary is by no means <unk> towards my political movement : our <unk> has been convicted on several occasions and prosecuted a number of times , but never for racism .
I would refer to Article 3 of the proposal which states that , on its own initiative and also at the request of a Member State or of the Office , the Commission can ask the Office to carry out an investigation .
We have a mutual desire to see the necessary revision of the regulation within this legislature .
We must seize this opportunity in the interests of the widespread use of non-food crops .
Of course , in this Chamber I have often maintained that a speaking time of one minute is not enough to allow a proper expression of views by any Member , and that is the only point on which I , personally , am prepared to <unk> from the effort I otherwise make to stick strictly to the limits .
The city has refused to say how much extra money was generated in this way .
As for human rights , I would remind you that one need only <unk> the images disseminated throughout the world by <unk> <unk> <unk> ’ s networks from the Internet to see the <unk> heads of Russian soldiers .
Mr President , I think the Commissioner recognises the fact , and in the Commission &apos;s proposals it is very clear , that along with common regulation we need common control , and that really ultimately means common penalties .
Madam President , only last month an elderly woman of 76 was , in my view , illegally arrested on a train from London to Brussels , held overnight in a cell and put back on a train the following day because it was alleged that she had not brought with her what was claimed by the Belgian authorities to be a necessary document , namely a passport .
The Council ’ s short-sighted attitude is regrettable , however , because , on the one hand , it has confined itself to environmental <unk> , on the other hand , it has made little use of the Commission ’ s coordination capacities .
This cannot go ahead for many reasons .
( FR ) I abstained on this motion for a resolution .
– Mr President , the <unk> case is another example of the great risks we run when we in this way allow our <unk> Europe slowly to be squeezed out in our efforts to standardise .
This is an important position : particularly if we are talking about <unk> legislation whose aim is complete compliance with this test method , the method must also be kept flexible .
As the author is not present , Question No 40 lapses .
And this role which it fulfils , moreover , is truly a role of assistance , I was going to say the role of a <unk> , in the case of disaster or fire .
Mr President , the second half of our term of office will be dominated by Agenda 2000 , which is moreover reflected in our work schedule for 1998 .
In particular , we should be working towards establishing genuine freedom of movement and resolving the problems of <unk> and disarming the island .
Of course I know as well as you do that we need clear rules , if only in order to have fair conditions of competition and for reasons of transparency .
That is the only way to get objectively positive results .
Mr President , I am speaking on my own behalf , like Mr Medina Ortega , as we will not form a group opinion until this evening .
It is clear that by extending the proposal under discussion , the options and the range of investments in undertakings for collective investments , those undertakings which remain outside the rules will be obliged to invest in high-risk funds .
The voting will take place <unk> at noon .
That would be the case if we were to vote in favour of blocks one and two .
Animal protection through law is regarded positively by a growing number of Europeans , and the labelling of food products from <unk> animals could eventually bring economic profits to producers and become a part of the European social model .
Its purpose was to coordinate action annually , and it would <unk> MEPs and representatives of the Commission and Council .
Military withdrawal from Chechnya was seen as a dangerous precedent .
According to a Burmese newspaper , Mr <unk> was a <unk> who deserved to die .
Mr <unk> <unk> , which point of order do you wish to raise now ?
Madam President , Mr President-in-Office , Mr President of the Commission , on behalf of our group , I wish you a warm welcome on this first occasion that you have addressed Parliament .
They will continue to benefit from Article 87 ( 3 ) ( a ) and from operating aid .
We are capable of doing this better than most other donors .
That means that no discharge was granted .
Given the proposed time limits of nine hours in transit and twelve hours rest , with unlimited <unk> of this cycle , and the very generous expansion of space allowance per animal , one can <unk> conclude that transport in excess of nine hours would become <unk> .
On the one hand , it has sought to clarify the procedure so that we can see whether or not we are within the codecision framework – and we shall have to have a very clear answer on that subject – and on the other hand , if we are not involved in a codecision procedure , it has at least made provision for an annual report on the implementation of the TEN projects which we have voted in favour of .
If you do not make the deadlines , the results , that you anticipate with regard to growth , what will you do ?
These questions are very much in focus .
Within the Community , at their session last December , the Council of ACP-EU Ministers decided that <unk> <unk> EDF resources could be used as subsidies .
The situation in Laos is quite alarming .
Particularly the huge <unk> which the Commission proposes for the employment chapter gives us great cause for concern .
In 1956 , Hungary <unk> rose up against dictatorship .
The debate is closed .
It is fair to say that organised crime is still a problem , even in some of our current Member States , such as southern Italy .
So I would just like to mention three points , and briefly .
These questions , which the recent proposal for a corrective mechanism supported by Austria also recently shed light on , will be included in a planned report on the own resources system .
<unk> , like pollution , know no frontiers and when there are headlines in the newspapers saying that the Commissioner herself is attacking the Environment Committee , I am forced to wonder whether the spirit of mutual trust and cooperation that we on our side have tried to establish and build is still in existence .
Local authorities , because they are the best placed to do so , can and must work as agents for development to encourage partnerships in the fields of tourism , culture , small-scale industry and the environment , participating in setting up joint companies and <unk> enterprises , involving young people , women and the unemployed .
Let us consider these aspects first .
Now the Commission , rather than <unk> the law , is obstructing it .
Mr President , today should really be a day of great celebration , because the Rome Treaties produced many good things .
Mr President , this debate is proceeding in our language , as might well have been expected , given that it is an issue that is particularly close to our hearts .
The aim is not to increase fiscal pressure in Europe , but to allow it to be reduced gradually and in an orderly way .
Of course Albania has been a problem for us all for a long time .
We in the European Union and in this House will certainly not support terrorism , particularly if Turkey is prepared to find a peaceful solution to the Kurdish question .
The Council has taken a strictly accounting approach at first reading .
In order to make progress in clarifying responsibilities , we need to create a penal classification at European level , in all the countries of the Union , to cover serious negligence , when this type of situation occurs .
The honourable Member specifically mentioned the <unk> radiation directive .
First of all , most people in the United States know very little about why and how the death sentence is pronounced .
The principle of competition between trading systems , which should offer alternatives to regulated markets , was readily agreed to .
Mr President , I find myself particularly irritated by the sections about Kosovo in Mr Lagendijk &apos;s substantial report .
Europe , as a major donor , has so far remained too passive with regard to Angola .
However , everybody is trying to cover their territory .
<unk> competition is in the interests of the people and of the economy .
I waive my right to move an oral amendment .
For example , in international organisations , in the FAO , we have full membership for one of the Communities , and a seat and a vote on United Nations bodies , but this does not apply across the entire foreign policy spectrum .
But we must keep a sense of proportion .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , it was very honourable of you to ask at the last minute to have the votes on two of the directives postponed so that we can still reach an agreement .
The same problems exist in Sweden , particularly in the north of the country .
Although I was not here during the last legislature , I would like to point out that this <unk> is <unk> and that the MEPs also miss your magnificent contributions when you sat in this House .
This is , I think , totally unacceptable .
I believe that the union leaders from Michelin who were among us yesterday will be able to assess the manner in which the majority of this House is treating them at its face value .
In some cases their figures are achievable , in others not .
You just have to read your own papers !
You have called for maximum transparency in the debate now beginning and in the whole process described in the Nice Declaration , with a debate as close as possible to the citizens .
Can he tell us how that verification will take place and who will do it ?
In the pursuit of justice , however , it is just as important to pursue wisdom , fairness and common sense .
The European peoples ’ support for global solidarity should not be abused with a view to undermining the principle of subsidiarity .
In principle , fitting a car with <unk> not capable of <unk> with its top speed could <unk> the conformity of the vehicle with the EU type approval .
There are many other areas ; how does Europe intend to take a leadership role in the future ?
We must lead the way in order to ensure that enlargement is a success .
People who are doubtless very competent but perhaps a little too confident , to the extent that they take over from the political officials and make the decisions that they are supposed to make .
I am thinking of piloting and mooring services in particular , since these , for safety reasons , must continue to be governed by the port authorities .
But there are also some things I think we should guard against .
When the temporary committee visited regions affected by this terrible disease , including my own country of Wales , we were told by people how grateful they were that the European Parliament had set up this inquiry as they had no other way of <unk> their <unk> within their own Member States .
I really hope the Commission will set up a working group on this topic , involving interested Members of Parliament .
The Commission is paying particular attention to legal certainty for SMEs .
These key issues have been developed further in recent years .
I would turn last of all to Mrs Mann whose commitment in the US delegation I myself have witnessed .
I hope we will demonstrate it tomorrow .
<unk> structures and commitments must apply in the future too , but coordination must be improved .
It is now not at all clear whether this access actually exists .
Economic cooperation - investments by SMEs spring to mind , but also political dialogue and exchanges - the Minister has quoted the entire list - are of major importance .
I wish to concentrate on tigers , because these magnificent animals are on the brink of extinction and a good number of those which remain are in India , a country with which I am connected as chairperson of the Delegation for relations with the countries of South Asia .
This also includes something that we have not created , but for whose existence I am grateful and for which you all really should be grateful : the <unk> network , which has been working for European integration for 50 years in 118 houses in 32 European countries .
These are not fresh ideas .
If we do , innocent civilians will bear the burden .
The implications of civil war and escalating violence are of immense and imminent proportions , not just because of Albania itself , but because Albania is a powder <unk> .
We are looking here at the way in which they might in this decade get to the point we and the public desire , and they will only do it with the looming incentive of a marketing ban .
As many Member States as possible should make use of NATO joint task forces if desired .
This does not add up .
But that is precisely what we want to avoid , because we want to maintain the appeal of our town and city centres .
Its independence will be evident in its daily activities .
It has come up with a proposal that sets challenging , but achievable , targets which protect the environment whilst also recognising the interests of road users and <unk> <unk> .
.
The <unk> Party issuing an alert shall determine whether the case is important enough to warrant entry of the alert in the Schengen Information System .
Today &apos;s Minutes will be submitted for Parliament &apos;s approval at the start of the next sitting .
I believe we talk about globalization every day , we talk about the world society , about the global village , and we must finally grasp the fact , declare and demonstrate what we mean by it all .
The third question of principle is : how strong is Europe becoming ?
I choose to do so because I believe that , in too many respects , the report contravenes the principle of subsidiarity .
I wish them continued success for the next couple of weeks and that Cardiff will be like the finishing of the <unk> National , as was said by Mr Titley .
That is not only defensible but imperative .
Thirdly , we agree with you when you say that , like all European undertakings , the public services have to face up to technological change and the requirements for completing the single market .
My question is : can the Commission indicate what it intends to do to <unk> &apos; the results of Beijing and those of New York in the <unk> of time , in European policy ?
You will in any event have to make the political price for President <unk> unacceptably high .
To understand that , for example , is an enormous challenge .
The European Union has <unk> itself in recent years of a <unk> of directives and regulations in the field of <unk> and science .
But even if there is a perception of neglect , I do not believe that this in any way justifies the act which the Indian Government has taken in carrying out those nuclear tests .
Does the latter explain the former ?
These are repeated acts of violence .
On the other hand I would like to counteract the idea , which is all too widespread , that there is nothing immediate or concrete that we can do to relieve the Algerians &apos; <unk> .
The Scottish <unk> industry is the biggest in the EU , spread throughout some of Europe &apos; s most peripheral communities .
However , I believe that this climate must not under any circumstances put pressure on the Commission or on Commissioner Mandelson to continue to make concessions , especially in the agricultural sector .
In order to be relevant and effective , the research and technological development policy of the European Union should not , I believe , seek to define technological priorities for industries that operate in rapidly changing global markets .
However , what were <unk> ’ s political views , if any ?
I think Parliament will increase its <unk> by taking up this case by a majority .
How will he manage it ?
- reforming a military force of the Members and reinforcing the efficiency of the financial effort .
The Youth programme is crucial to the European Union , as you have all already said , because it is a unique programme , in which all young people , without distinction , can participate .
On the specific point of the pillar under which we should make progress , it is important to add one point to the discussions that have taken place in Parliament today , and that is to say very honestly that I do not believe our citizens will care whether the measure is decided under the first or third pillar .
Education policy is the prerequisite for today &apos; s young people holding their own on tomorrow &apos; s labour market and for our fulfilling our role as Europe in worldwide competition .
However , and this is the problem I want to draw your attention to , the information on the two prisoners cannot be transferred back across the borders with the prisoners , because present-day data privacy laws prevent the transfer of data across frontiers .
My second point is to remind you that the recent reform of the common agricultural policy ( CAP ) fully permits us to assume a more assertive stance in the negotiations .
All Member States are affected by the challenges of rising energy prices , reliability of supply and climate change .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , I should like to thank the Commission for the information which it has given us on the fight against BSE and to tell Commissioner Byrne that my impression is that he has the situation in hand and that his proposals are clear and decisive .
We should learn from these errors and draw up a new regulation which gives priority to the partnership between the Commission and Member State as well as to <unk> , particularly within the Member State , with the participation of all the social , economic and environmental partners in order to make all the players aware of their responsibilities .
This is a major concern in the less-favoured , peripheral and ultra-peripheral areas , which are already running a great risk of abandonment and desertification .
This would then hit the kind of production in the EU which has a higher processing value than textiles and which will provide more jobs for EU countries in the long term .
The European patent is a basket of national patents , so an <unk> would apply for a patent , for example , for <unk> , France and Germany , five countries out of 15 .
We should not forget that it is in this way that last year they introduced a whole set of measures which ended up in reducing the European Parliament &apos;s role to the minimum and , in particular , the cuts which the majority of this house rejected , unfortunately still without effective results .
We should also like there to be guarantees of the young volunteers &apos; rights in terms of social security cover , and to see them exempted from paying tax on their earnings throughout their period of service .
The conclusions of this report , as the rapporteur has already mentioned , echo a recently published report from the House of <unk> in my own country .
Even the British government is more progressive when it comes to their policy on this .
This time that would have immediate repercussions on stock market prices .
But we shall support any move that is necessary to establish whether this WTO ruling has a clear legal basis , and we hope that it may yet prove possible to resolve these matters in a way that does not undermine all our expectations of the panel .
A familiar question when considering the politics of this is always whether the <unk> is half full or half empty .
It is very important , however , as the rapporteur quite rightly points out in his report , that Parliament &apos; s rights to take part in the regulatory procedure should be satisfactorily safeguarded .
In the foreign policy area we must now comply with the new sets of rules whereby Parliament is involved in developing strategic frameworks and thus obtains a basis for monitoring the policy conducted .
The vast majority of the reports and legislative issues are handled directly in plenary by the corresponding Commissioners responsible .
While studies must be conducted to find out about the dangers of endocrine <unk> , firms using suspect products must also be made subject to regulations applicable to drugs , especially in terms of <unk> proof that these products are harmless , whenever they are considered suspect by the European groups of experts .
I would therefore urge everyone , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , to demonstrate greater commitment to ensuring that a child ’ s smile signifies hope for a fairer world , in which child labour does not exist .
I think this will give industry pause for thought before it uses GMOs , because the majority of consumers do not want these products .
Let the relevant committees bear those two points in mind , and take on board the proposal we are making .
The arrival on the French coast on 19 January of a group of <unk> Kurdish refugees clearly illustrates the growing involvement of networks of organised crime in illegal immigration .
Therefore , the difference in aid between cereals and the other <unk> and protein plants must be maintained together with a specific base surface area for maize .
I would therefore like to thank you , Mrs Cresson , for this initiative .
I believe , in fact , that this exercise will soon reach its limits and that we must instead prepare to go beyond it by proposing a new road map .
I would like to thank you , Commissioner , for appearing before Parliament at such short notice , and for answering so well , considering this is not your field .
We would also appreciate the introduction of a new budget line for the LEADER <unk> programme .
Consequently , we must at any rate ensure that Amendment No 67 of the rapporteur is not supported on this score .
As for the current short-term challenges — in a situation where there are no free oil reserves on the market — the only available tool for stabilising oil is the reduction of consumption .
This is a vision that we do not share .
I believe that the rest of Europe supports us , as do the governments of the European countries , in our struggle against terrorism .
There will also be discussion of how cooperation can best be used to further more democratic and politically stable societies , where there is respect and legal security .
I would ask you all , please , what are credible military resources supposed to include .
Some of us suspect that the rescue packages being enforced at the moment are more about <unk> people who made bad deals than trying to <unk> the societies and the economies of countries in the Far East .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to deal very briefly with some of the interventions we have heard , because I think it is important to spell out the basis of the Commission &apos;s deliberations .
This result would make the present situation more <unk> in the short term for our farmers although , of course , the Community &apos;s ultimate objective must be to correct the initial error and obtain , somehow or other , the removal of the actual ceiling .
It will be done .
Our rapporteur is therefore right to emphasize the need to give all regions an opportunity to invest in telecommunications and information infrastructures .
There is a great deal yet to be done on that front .
I accept that Mr Fischler continues to be committed to a meaningful reform of the common fisheries policy , but I wonder whether he would comment further on the suggestions that improper pressure has been put on other people in the Commission .
I consider that the budgetary authority should have a clear picture of GALILEO &apos; s source of funding before it can commit appropriations to the project .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a. m . So it is right to keep these posts , and the resources for them , in reserve .
Report ( <unk> / 2001 ) by <unk> Caudron , on behalf of the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy , on the proposal for a Council decision concerning the multiannual framework programme <unk> of the European Atomic Energy Community ( <unk> ) for research and training activities aimed at contributing towards the creation of the European Research Area ( COM ( 2001 ) 94 - <unk> / 2001 - 2001 / <unk> ( CNS ) ) .
Those who abolished the frontiers !
Mr President , I would firstly like to congratulate the Commission on their balanced proposal , both in the directive and in the regulation on the monitoring of <unk> and <unk> agents , which we will be voting on in Parliament tomorrow .
However , a directive on the economic value of female work in the <unk> and informal sector , or <unk> work of women in the area of social , <unk> or professional solidarity would be useful .
<unk> of a Vice-President We want to incorporate all offences that damage the financial interests of the Community , such as fraudulent practices in connection with tendering procedures or breaches of official secrecy to the detriment of Community interests .
May God protect the West &apos;s Christian civilisation .
We would welcome the option of , as early as 2003 , appointing staff from the candidate countries to serve in the Commission .
The number one topic is , of course , the problem of how , in view of the foot-and-mouth crisis and the BSE situation , we can take budgetary measures - and all of this has an impact on the budget - to achieve sustainable agriculture guaranteeing optimal consumer protection and so that we can also sell European products in other parts of the world .
We therefore voted in favour of the report , although we have some reservations on some points , and actually oppose others , on account of their ambiguous wording , as has already been mentioned .
Even if budgetary problems were your main concern , though , there are other ways of achieving savings .
Furthermore , this happened during the debate on the new Constitution , which was creating a framework providing significant opportunities to improve the legal area for police and judicial cooperation and to subject it to the essential parliamentary control .
As I have said , the examination of the report by OLAF and the DG for Administration is ongoing .
That is something for the export market , and if you let the wider world have it , that is something to be welcomed .
The report sets out proposals regarding the effectiveness of measures to prevent drug addiction and tough regulations , and I would call on all legislators to ensure that these proposals are incorporated into both Community and national law .
In view of the complexity of the subject matter and the obvious conflicts of interest in this area between the Member States as well , I think it was not to be taken for granted that the negotiations on the agricultural part of Agenda 2000 would be concluded successfully .
This way of seeing ourselves is however not yet a reality but still a dream , and that is why I propose that we do not move on to the agenda but have a more in-depth round of communication , information and social dialogue about the results of the last six months .
My colleague , Commissioner Flynn , will shortly be commenting in greater detail particularly on the subject of equal opportunities in connection with the Social Fund .
The President is merely the instrument of the smooth operation of parliamentary democracy .
I would just like to remind you that after the dialogue that we had between the Committee on Budgetary Control , we have restructured the report .
When it comes to the European cultural heritage , there may , however , be justification for dealing with certain issues at Community level .
We believe that there is far too little support for this claim and that it is not clear what is meant by their own regions ; we consider this to be very unfortunate .
Unfortunately , not only do the proposals in the report make no such provision , they also worsen the preconditions for withdrawing old ships .
So before we get <unk> in our concern for just certain groups , what about <unk> a thought for those others who carry out emergency health care at all times and are also <unk> from certain aspects of the working time directive .
However , it should therefore come as no surprise that so many people struggle to find a meaning to life , or that greed , crime and racism are eating away at their rights .
Lebanon is rightly <unk> for the entrepreneurial skills of its work force .
This is the reason why I and a group of experts are drafting a medium-term and a long-term vision , which should be adopted as a constitutional statute by the National Council of the Slovak Republic with the support of the broadest possible political spectrum .
This is one more tragedy to add to other , equally serious human tragedies , such as the exploitation of adult and child prostitution , drug addiction , the lack of minimum standards of hygiene , the <unk> of families and the growing numbers of little <unk> , as well as infant mortality , which has reached appalling levels : throughout the world , 500 000 children die every year – which means 1 300 children a day – from AIDS .
<unk> argues for itself .
Together with NATO , EU Member States <unk> a war for the sake of Kosovo .
The <unk> Convention refers to public participation for plans and programmes prepared by public authorities .
Thank you , Mr Davies .
Category 4 is something my group has discussed intensively and indeed it continues to do so .
I would like to suggest rapid introduction of these tests that you too are proposing , Commissioner , and not as spot checks , but for every animal slaughtered , without any age restrictions .
Let us be honest .
In any event , the Commission will be dealing with the level of tariffs in its wider context in a report which will be presented either at the end of this year or the beginning of next year .
However , it is imperative , as also with Hong Kong , to continue monitoring to ensure that there is no erosion of democracy , human rights and freedoms .
The European Union can hide behind its need for this transit .
That must be changed .
This idea was also decided upon in Nice .
It is a new field of industrial activity that we should all take advantage of , because we will have to wait 40 or 60 years , although there are research centres and power stations that will have to be <unk> at some point .
In 2004 , the Commission ’ s services gradually increased the use of impact assessments with the aim of making them common practice by 2005 , applied to all main documents – political definitions , legislative documents – as well as all proposals with significant economic , social or environmental impact , points which are included in the working programme and the legislative programme of the Commission and which are of great importance to this Parliament .
This is certainly an option , and I assume that the Commissioner as well as the Minister would be prepared to reply to the Parliament in writing .
It is a problem that affects a growing number of people , particularly the young and , to an increasing extent , ethnic minorities .
Schengen , too , will , in future , result in further increases of expenditure for the EU , which will , as I have said , have a total of 25 Member States .
We <unk> await the conference scheduled for 2006 .
And we must remember that it is one of the tasks of political leadership to carry public opinion with you and not just to assume that everybody agrees with us .
Indeed , the Union ’ s efforts are absolutely essential to enhance the Doha development agenda .
And then at last tourism , too , found a programme with an <unk> name : <unk> .
Commissioner , not everyone is certain that the management method chosen is the most appropriate one .
Considering the current prices of oil and <unk> , it may be cheaper to use <unk> rather than oil as a heating fuel .
As for the issue of the European passport , the report supports the principle of the passport for management companies , but believes it would be premature to do likewise for the function of <unk> .
I shall give you a very simple example .
We would like a separate mandate so that each can be considered on its merits .
At the Lisbon Summit , Europe acknowledged that only by increasing the rate of employment for women will it be able to achieve , within ten years , the economic and social development that it wants to see .
The documents must be examined on a case-by-case basis .
According to the proposal , as much waste as possible should be <unk> as fast as possible beyond the borders of Europe , and never mind the consequences , never mind the environmental damage suffered by those who have received the shipments , and never mind the current EU legislation .
The bias of EMU towards price stability is therefore likely to increase unemployment and regional disparities in the EMU countries .
I should like to say to Mr Brok that this is not a matter of <unk> anyone ; but it is in my view impossible not to recognise that the weakening of the Non-Proliferation Treaty , which was clearly due also to the failure of the 2005 conference , was a fatal mistake .
What view does the Danish Presidency take of this ?
HIV and AIDS , tuberculosis , drugs and alcoholism have lowered life expectancy in <unk> to levels in the developing countries .
<unk> and targets are therefore clear and we will be able to measure our progress clearly .
In the Commission communication therefore , we will concentrate on those elements that are crucial to ensuring that the EU can achieve its objectives .
Read report ( <unk> / 97 ) Furthermore these deals are <unk> repugnant , in that they directly and indirectly cause the deaths of hundreds of indigenous black African fishermen every year .
The European Commission had a responsibility to do what it could to help our airlines and their passengers out of this situation .
In the case of the Prestige , it is true that the disaster is even greater .
They are expensive and the amount of money involved is substantial .
We have proposed two kinds of criteria .
Thank you very much , Mr President .
There are too few teachers .
I can assure you that this report has caused us to reflect internally on both the substance and the management procedures of our programmes , particularly the nuclear ones .
I would just like to ask a supplementary question .
If Europe now <unk> fears among a growing number of our fellow citizens , it is because its institutions have not sufficiently borne in mind their worries about a seemingly uncertain and <unk> future .
Finally , we must reject the first and third sections of Amendment No 5 , together with Amendments Nos 17 and 18 .
I agree with those who say that we need a broad debate on the ethical and <unk> impacts of the issue .
Madam President , non-conventional medicine in all its various forms and disciplines is a reality which we cannot ignore .
We are particularly grateful to you for the fact that we are not dealing here with a list of scandals putting Europe in a bad light , as some would like to have it , but with constructive criticism which can point the way for the future , as you were just saying .
.
The common position has dramatically undermined authors &apos; rights .
We have entered into discussions in confidence with Member States .
Mr President , I would like to congratulate Mr van Velzen on his excellent work .
This is why labelling is needed ; this is why safety is paramount .
The Verts / ALE Group supports the Commission or , to be more precise , that part of the Commission that is present in this Chamber , against the Transport DG , and we very much hope that the most important amendments will go through .
Are we mad ?
I would not wish people to become any more confused than we already are .
At the same time , however , the Council still <unk> that the much desired and necessary framework decision for data protection in the third pillar will probably not even be approved by the end of 2006 .
Of course , if we want results , we need to get right to the heart , right to the key of the tool which will help us fight these crimes .
Nevertheless , I must point out that the problems I have referred to are not confined to women alone .
That is something we would do well to recognise .
As a first step , the call was made in the Morillon report , and subsequently endorsed by a substantial majority in the European Parliament , for us to have a 50 <unk> crisis intervention force by 2004 , a permanent crisis intervention force to be available around the clock for rescue operations and humanitarian duties .
I will end with one last point , Mr President : the Lisbon goals , making the European economy the most competitive knowledge-based economy .
It <unk> international legitimacy to the fight against terrorism , by setting out clearly what <unk> us from the terrorists , namely respect for human life and for people ’ s fundamental rights .
That may be justified , but that is all the more reason to give stronger political signals offering these countries two alternatives : either the route to membership at a later stage , or some other option .
We find three points in this report particularly harmful .
- ensure fair and universal distribution of <unk> products ; In the light of already <unk> <unk> incomes in Ireland , the Commission proposal is totally unacceptable and must be changed without delay .
Even in the traditionally more cautious countries , there is greater approval than disagreement .
This relates to the compromise , in which amendments were adopted and withdrawn .
More Europe , in summary , also means less nationalism , of either the old type or the new type .
I have been a Member of this Parliament for ten years and I have always been given notice , in my capacity as rapporteur , of any changes to the order of voting .
On the other hand , the idea of excluding certain categories of product from the scope of measures also deserves thorough analysis , given the threat of aggressive behaviour , which can only be combated if – as we are hoping – these imports are strictly monitored .
I welcome the allocation by the <unk> Institutions of EUR 5 million to assist with reconstruction , and the unanimous declaration of the Kosovo Assembly on 26 March to condemn the recent violence .
I have no reason to expect that her report will be positive on Republika Srpska .
We want to point out that foreign and security policy , as any other , must be democratic , and you must open up this debate , so the public know what the next phases of the process are to be .
I think that this is a very good example of Parliament adding value to the initial Commission proposals .
But , despite this , we consider that the committee &apos;s report does not offer a satisfactory balance on the matter of maintaining fish resources and the need to prevent the introduction of bureaucratic regulations , difficult for the target group to deal with , which would not have any real effect towards the objective of maintaining fish resources .
It should not be possible for the EU to be a <unk> to an agreement with the United States , which supposedly safeguards the interests of European companies against extraterritorial US legislation , such as the Helms-Burton Act on sanctions against companies which violate the economic embargo imposed by the United States on Cuba , and for Mrs <unk> then to announce exactly the opposite to Congress , in other words that Europe is subject to US legislation .
From that point of view , the proposed facility is a <unk> aid facility and the second <unk> must be released as soon as the donors have made clear their interest .
Now , at the end of this century , at the end of the 1990s , Europe is speaking with one voice , Europe is the biggest civil <unk> in the Balkans , bigger than the United States , and is doing a good job ; through its budget and its policy it really did help to make peaceful revolution possible in Serbia .
.
No responsible person can sit in the <unk> of a banana <unk> because fishermen are not and never have been dependent on subsidies - they just want to work .
Dublin European Council - Irish presidency - WTO Conference We had , unfortunately , a terribly long delay with regard to the agreement for the funding on the TENs .
Firstly , the lack of transparency in Commission decisions on infringements .
That was a very commendable thing .
Finally , we all agree that reinforced cooperation should not - I have said this before and I will say it again - become a characteristic feature of the European Union .
Questions Nos 58 to 96 will be answered in writing ( 5 ) .
We should congratulate Commissioner Bangemann and the European Parliament , represented by its rapporteurs Mr Hoppenstedt and Mr Van Velzen , for the speedy and pragmatic work that has been so rapidly completed , keeping us in line with the deadline of 1 January 1998 .
The joint resolution is part and <unk> of this trend .
Second , the issue of resettlement should be supported because it is aimed at the most vulnerable .
I am addressing this issue on two fronts , using a combination of political pressure and cooperation , both bilaterally and on a multilateral level .
European Council We support the amendments maintaining that harmonization of telecommunications does not lend itself to the principle of subsidiarity because of the essentially transnational character of telecommunications networks and services , and that , in any case , such harmonization will have to guarantee that no obstacles are put in the way of promotion and development of new telecommunications services and new networks between Member States .
Given that the <unk> control 90 % of the territory of Afghanistan , it is obvious that much of the EC &apos;s aid will be delivered in <unk> areas .
I have never understood why both sides - even if only briefly - have actually talked about the option of dividing the country .
On this matter , I share the views expressed by the European Parliament in its resolution of 13 April .
To me , this situation sounds like failure .
Despite the increase in energy use , the emission from these two chemicals has fallen dramatically .
Mr President , please allow me now to make some comments which are going to reiterate what has already been said , because at this point in the debate everything has really been said already .
I can only refer to the answer to the earlier questions , that a great deal of work has already been undertaken on this and much more is in the pipeline .
At the third meeting of the humanitarian aid committee on 31 October 1996 , Member States approved a ECU <unk> package which represents the last phase of ECHO &apos;s global plan for 1996 .
Mr President , I believe it is necessary to establish interim legislative measures , which would serve to provide a legal definition of the measures to be taken by Parliament when it is unable to appoint a Commission .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , Mr President-in-Office , ladies and gentlemen , on 23 April this House decided to set up a Temporary Committee to follow up the recommendations of the Committee of Inquiry into BSE .
The debate is closed .
We have grave reservations about this directive .
I should also like to ask you to pass it on to the Dutch Presidency and to the Council .
The question of the decision-making mechanisms has also been resolved .
But while laying great emphasis on these criteria , we must not allow a situation to arise where we adopt , or push through Parliament or elsewhere , regulations of a sort that could put Member States at a distinct disadvantage .
Within ten years we have gone from war to cooperative management of the most essential sector of the economy : energy .
The European Parliament must play a truly constituent part , and continue the spirit of <unk> De <unk> , Schuman , <unk> and Kohl to stay in the tradition of a people &apos; s Europe - but it has had important supporters in other political families as well , such as <unk> <unk> , François Mitterrand and <unk> Spaak .
The Commission &apos;s task is above all to ensure that it has sufficient international funding .
Despite what people may say about advances in technology or the new safety measures that have been put in place , the risks associated with nuclear energy are so vast and so great .
The purpose of applying the principles of Aarhus is to persuade public authorities and citizens to take individual and collective responsibility for environmental protection and improvement , so that the welfare of present and future generations can be ensured .
It has now become possible for the Commission President to dismiss individual Commissioners .
However , in general terms , let me say that when it comes to minority rights , particularly in central and eastern European states , the conventions of the Council of Europe naturally have a major role to play , and I believe it is also very important to state that the work of the Council of Europe should not be duplicated .
Moldova is still living proof of this .
There is also considerable under spending in aid programmes for development cooperation .
International Women &apos;s Day , which yesterday saw not only women take to the streets , but also a substantial number of men , including myself , has focused attention on Islamic fundamentalism .
I very much agree with Mr Garriga Polledo , who said it is not a <unk> situation , it is a win-win situation : there is room for both budgetary discipline and political priorities .
Otherwise there could have been no doubt .
The speeches we hear on this subject <unk> it .
It is extremely rare that an instance occurs when I can say that I am in complete agreement with a member of the UK Labour Party .
You need promptly to put into practice measures that have been identified in the Hague Programme relevant to combating terrorism , in particular , measures relating to exchange of information between Member States .
Madam President , honourable Members , ladies and gentlemen , it is a great defeat still , on this late summer ’ s day of 2006 , to have to stand here and talk about gender-based violence , honour killings and <unk> mutilation .
He may be all right as an image of the <unk> revolutionary &apos; , but we have had quite enough of all that .
I oppose Mrs Torres Marques &apos; call for harmonisation of VAT , but what I would really like to address is the García-Margallo report on e-commerce .
First of all we want better provision to be made for the social effects of restructuring .
It is misleading our own citizens and our allies to suggest that the development of an autonomous EU military capability has anything to do with reinforcing NATO or is motivated by the desire to work in close partnership with the United States .
I cannot see that at all .
There will be fewer rumours circulated in the media if openness and transparency hold <unk> .
I propose to bring forward another feed directive in relation to this matter .
The Commission , for example , has committed itself to providing assistance in its resolution , which we note and welcome .
Ladies and gentlemen , this report has been drawn up pursuant to Rule 80 of the Rules of Procedure , which means that what is written is written .
Commissioner , this morning Parliament agreed to reject the Council ’ s request to apply the urgent procedure to the Agreement with Morocco .
We therefore need to correct the mistake in the <unk> Convention making resale rights potential rights .
The concerns expressed in this Parliament this morning by honourable Members will be at the core of the activity of my colleague and of the Commission as a whole in the preparation of the further proposal .
We firmly believe that <unk> to such positions should be made on merit and qualification .
However , Mr Medina Ortega , as in the case of the earlier amendments , the possibility of introducing an opposition procedure could be considered as part of the monitoring provided for in the directive itself .
The <unk> of that demonstration was meaningful enough : &quot; For the sake of Israel &apos;s salvation , we must withdraw from the occupied territories &quot; .
The vote will take place on Thursday at 12 p. m . With regard to the issue of competition between airports , it is undoubtedly necessary to give responsibility to local authorities as well .
Mr President , on the face of it , the Sao Tomé and Principe accord seems something of little significance to this Parliament .
Thank God women are beginning to catch up with that .
This is what makes counterproductive the prevention of professional and targeted application of pesticides using <unk> .
This special nature leads to a complementary relationship between men and women , rather than <unk> .
Mr <unk> , you quite rightly referred several times to the question of staffing and to ECHO , and you have good cause to do so .
As early as 1995 , the Commission and Parliament voted in favour of new control provisions , including satellite <unk> provisions , which will soon come into force .
We have to do what is possible , so I will not commit myself to any specific action that is suggested here .
I have not only signed it , I will also be voting for it .
Report ( <unk> / 2000 ) by Mr Bushill-Matthews , on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs , on the report from the Commission to the European Parliament and the Council : Growth and Employment Initiative - Measures on financial assistance for innovative and job creating Small and <unk> <unk> ( SMEs ) - As at 31 December 1999 &#91; COM ( 2000 ) 266 - <unk> / 2000 - 2000 / <unk> ( COS ) &#93; .
In our view the important and essential thing in this report is that all meat industry products should be covered by compulsory labelling , from basic <unk> meat to derivatives , <unk> meat , cut meat , etc .
The debate is closed .
To prevent this from continuing to happen , it is tremendously important for there soon to be one unified criminal court throughout the world so that we no longer need to operate through special courts .
All the Member States are looking for strategies to guarantee that their health care systems will , in future , remain accessible to all and to secure their standards of quality and performance , as well as ensuring that it is possible to finance them .
Four years ago there was the <unk> protocol , an agreement that we saw as the basis for many years of peace .
I believe that the concerns of many can now be set aside and that with resolve and goodwill , we can bring Romania into the European Union effectively in 2007 .
We are talking about the monitoring of elections .
Who would not be ?
It is very important from the point of view of stability in the applicant countries that we do not start making <unk> on which ones are more eligible than others and are more deserving of EU membership .
The countries of the region came together for the first time at the London conference to offer support to Afghanistan .
Mr President , let us begin by once again expressing our thanks and appreciation to Commission President Prodi and his Commissioners .
A study carried out by the Commission into the first of the national reform programmes has uncovered specific shortcomings in respect of Member State implementation , although these do not undermine the validity of the basic principles .
This is an issue that concerns the Union &apos; s relationship with its partners , something that has already been mentioned in this debate .
Thank you , Mr Verheugen .
It is also necessary to do considerably more work to ensure that the process for selecting civil servants is more transparent and more based on merit .
I think we ought to know what we are thinking and voting about on such an important issue .
I wish to state that there are some , albeit not enough , positive aspects in this position and others to which we object .
Firstly I should like to begin by asking the Commissioner for an assurance that current bilateral aviation agreements with third countries will neither be <unk> nor frozen for an <unk> period while Community agreements are <unk> out .
I also saw the considerable efforts made by hundreds of volunteers who arrived to help with the cleaning up operation .
In May 1997 there is to be a big transport <unk> in Helsinki , which is <unk> linked to the third pan-European Transport Conference to be held in that city &apos;s <unk> <unk> in June next year .
It is surely <unk> that the democracies of the European Union must face up to the threat from crime and terrorism and engage in the effort to defeat them .
But there are others and , very briefly , I should very much like to have an opportunity to discuss them with the responsible committee .
I would like to highlight point 13 of the report on the general regulation and to ask why the fisheries sector does not receive the same treatment as agriculture .
At this meeting , it was revealed that ageing is a phenomenon affecting both the North and the South , despite the growing divide and inequality between societies in the developed world and those of countries that are fighting to overcome underdevelopment .
The second issue is the fact that we have limited the scope for exceptions .
The research I have carried out to date indicates that only a little over 30 % of those who come from poor countries to study at leading European , American or other universities return to their countries of origin , whether they are here to gain master ’ s or <unk> degrees .
Quite rightly , there is a great deal of detail about port infrastructure , but in the end the Commission proposal says that infrastructure projects are not eligible for aid !
Firstly , Mr President , because the Commission , before making a legislative proposal , holds appropriate consultations with Member States .
Joint motion for a resolution Everyone , including myself , considers that Lisbon was a major success .
Finally , we share Parliament &apos;s view on the need to make the most of , and strengthen , the joint institutions , including the Assembly , in order to promote and develop this dialogue .
Having made my point , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would first of all like to thank the Members of the Committee on Budgets and particularly the general rapporteur , Mr Costa Neves , for the attention he has given to the requests and concerns of the Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights .
They say I am too young to be <unk> , which is very nice , but it often <unk> me that people should think someone who is not <unk> might not be able to stand up for pensioners .
Furthermore , I willingly support the emphasis that has been placed on the role that the social partners and large sectors of civil society will have to play in the new generation of programmes .
I was very pleased with a lot of what the Commissioner said , but I really have to say how deeply disappointed I am that , following the debate in the committee , the <unk> has been dropped that the Commission wishes to set up a new agency for education and culture .
Mr President , Commissioner , Council representative , I think that , in this debate , there is more honesty , when it comes to relations with Russia , than there has been for a long time .
Nonetheless , the Commission still thinks it is desirable for the budgetary authority to have an <unk> control on expenditure when a joint action is being decided .
You may oblige the Commission to do something which is a necessary part of its remit , but you cannot oblige the Commission not to act within its remit .
The agreement to establish a ten-year framework for programmes on sustainable consumption and production , with industrialised countries taking the lead in this global effort , is another important result .
By this , I mean that it consistently reveals a sense of balance and justice in its political development , in its decision-making and also in its dealings with other countries around the world .
<unk> and <unk> , as a result of this , we now have a comprehensive report which I was just discussing with my colleagues - including Commissioner Kinnock this morning - observing that progress has indeed been made .
This crisis management will not be a strictly military affair but the military representatives and the Military Committee will be responsible for <unk> on the logistics of any humanitarian operations which may require the involvement of military forces .
Is information needed in the Member States and <unk> rather than in Brussels ?
Whereas the original Commission proposal to Parliament was in the form of one regulation with a single market legal base – Article 95 – the Council reached a common position which took the form of two separate texts : a directive based on Article 95 and a regulation based on a dual legal base consisting of Articles <unk> and 95 .
In the event of no agreement being reached on the financial frameworks and the matter being referred to the budgetary procedure within the meaning of Article 272 of the Treaty , the grand total for the 2006 budget must , from the point of view of the Council , be as small as possible .
It is strange , Mr President , but , when I <unk> up this morning , all my bones were <unk> .
We could do that .
I am pleased that all Central and Eastern European countries which are candidates for membership of the Union have abolished the death penalty .
He has worked <unk> to repeal the authoritarian aspects of a Constitution signed by a dictator , and a month ago he succeeded in reforming that Constitution , which has now been signed by a democratic president .
Last but not least , there is no getting away from the need for closer <unk> with the other EU policies , in particular the common agricultural policy .
Nor can I agree to the content of point 12 , which unilaterally <unk> the single currency , since I do not believe that EMU is to the advantage of the <unk> s citizens .
This is a path of balance and rigour , which takes into account both the demands for enhancement of the Union &apos;s role - as you can see , the same watchword as that of the Spanish Presidency , &apos; More Europe &apos; , is used - and the demands for greater clarity , streamlining and decentralisation of the Union &apos;s functions .
It also recognises , as the beef labelling regulation failed to do , that the requirements of traceability for the purposes of disease control are different from those involved in providing information for consumers .
<unk> claims today that structural reforms are unnecessary is a dangerous <unk> .
Only the courts can answer that question in a definitive way , but I would like to make two points in this respect .
When we had the opportunity to <unk> matters up , it was you who lifted the carpet and swept the <unk> under it , so I think you are playing to the gallery in this case .
Mr President , I welcome the report of Mr Gasòliba and congratulate him on the content .
Our capitals are quicker at investing in the economic and monetary aspects of the European Union than in social cohesion and the - shall we say - qualitative aspects .
I see the most important success at Doha as having been the formulation now contained in the Doha Declaration , which gives us the chance to decide for ourselves the direction we will take in agricultural policy .
Thank you , Commissioner .
We are unfortunately still far removed from that objective on the threshold of the next century .
That concludes Question Time .
Mr President , Commissioner , olive oil is one of the <unk> foodstuffs produced .
Basically , however , the important thing to stress is that it <unk> the central issues that the Council is debating today , particularly the model for rotating the presidency or the working languages , amongst other matters .
This agreement insists that there must be impact assessment of legislative proposals , including the amendments of this House , in terms of effects on employment , environment and competitiveness .
<unk> women to participate more in politics ; be bolder than the heads of many of the current Member States of the Union !
Therefore , what pressing matter has prevented us from taking time to assess the contents of both these reports ?
Total tax revenue from tobacco is EUR 70 billion in the Member States and tobacco cultivation is subsidised to the tune of EUR 1 billion - none of this adds up .
I know that this is a particularly sensitive issue in Latvia and Estonia .
<unk> in November 2003 , however , the people ’ s verdict had been overturned through the <unk> arranged by <unk> <unk> <unk> , who was then driven out by a popular <unk> , which , apart from anything else , took place without bloodshed .
By voting in favour , Parliament would be adopting the principle of harmonising down to a level corresponding to the lowest common denominator , at the same time as abolishing Sweden &apos;s , the UK &apos;s and Ireland &apos;s right to be <unk> .
Saddam modelled his total control on <unk> , whom he <unk> .
As far as I know this decision has not yet been taken and , therefore , we need to be clear about what we are trying to do in these debates .
My second observation is that , if we want to restore confidence , we will need this economic policy coordination and not just a central bank that applies the criteria strictly .
We will take note of this .
And I must say that is rather what I thought I heard coming from the Council today .
It is up to us to take our place <unk> the United Nations and the United States of America and , in close cooperation with them , to continue <unk> supporting all those who have the determination to succeed at the price of the necessary concessions .
The Commission is therefore pleased to note the specific attention paid in the report to the concept we put forward of civic citizenship and the need to promote a sense of belonging .
It should also be kept in mind that the greatest threat to living resources in the Baltic Sea comes from land and not from the sea , and the best way to limit the pollution of the sea is to integrate environmental protection requirements into the fisheries policy .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , digital technology is changing our lives , and this change is taking place whether we like it or not .
Report ( <unk> / 2002 ) by <unk> Dell &apos;Alba , on behalf of the Committee on Budgets , on the proposal for amendment of the constituent acts of Community bodies following the adoption of the new Financial Regulation ( COM ( 2002 ) <unk> ) .
Should we be persuaded to do their work for them and should we be <unk> by the continuing ability of multinational companies and the United States of America to <unk> so well with the WTO against our interests and the interest of our traditional suppliers ?
All it will do is to give a <unk> new <unk> to a <unk> of violence and death .
We have the chance to choose what the European Union wants , to choose whether it wants war or not , whether it wants Saddam Hussein to leave Iraq - for , whatever Mr Watson may say , he will leave accompanied , he will essentially have safe conduct as far as his place of exile , and , moreover , I would advise Mr Watson to read the Treaty establishing the International Criminal Court , from which he will learn that , in any case , Saddam Hussein cannot be prosecuted in this situation - but what we can and must do is realise that the UN and the Security Council have a duty to act .
The proposed amendments are intended to harmonise certain provisions applicable in new Member States to include a new eligible measure enabling the rural communities of Bulgaria and Romania to prepare and implement local rural development strategies , to bring aid rates into line with those granted to countries acceding to the Union in 2004 and , lastly , to clarify the ceilings on aid rates .
We can only gain from this .
This Commission communication highlights new challenges in relation to Internet usage : broadband is needed to stimulate new services ; schools are connected but the Internet is not yet sufficiently part of the <unk> process ; governments online have to move towards full electronic transactions .
I believe we must also see xenophobia as a <unk> of other things , namely the fact that fear in itself is often more powerful than the object of fear and the fact that the background to a great deal of all this is a powerlessness that stems from social exclusion , which is also a consequence of increased competition .
The Tunisian Government is said to have created obstacles and <unk> freedom to come and go and to attend a meeting - not an institutional meeting - in Brussels .
The resolution adopted several years ago in favour of funding parties quite separately from the groups strikes me as a very important step in this direction .
<unk> , now that we are discussing the Euratom / USA agreement , people say : the standards are poor , we cannot take them over .
They are here for the <unk> interparliamentary meeting with the relevant delegation from this Parliament .
We are after all talking about a debate on an important topic , and you can think what you will about my views .
As there is there is no scientific evidence yet to prove this aim to be feasible , the Commission cannot accept those amendments .
These regulations must provide consistency throughout the Community .
.
– This is a sensitive issue .
Mr President , I note with amazement that we are <unk> this debate for Question Time , and that it will not be continued until 9 p. m . Another question is , how many countries have actually implemented and executed the latest Directive 113 / 2004 ?
The issue is whether data retention should be permitted , that is to say the storage of communications data .
For example , could a State which today refuses to ratify the European Charter of <unk> Rights join Europe ?
Yesterday , the <unk> <unk> reported that Korea was threatening to export missiles if it was not granted substantial economic assistance .
In the ensuing three years , the Middle East peace process has not ended the drama in the region , nor has the human rights situation improved .
Madam President , Rule 2 of our Rules of Procedure says that we all sit here as individuals , not as agents of political parties and we do not take orders from outside .
.
– Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , the beginning of the Dutch Presidency is a good time to reflect on the achievements made over these years and , most of all , the commitments awaiting us in the near future .
Because we shall be giving in , ultimately , to the pressures of a new type of collectivism - multinational collectivism - and thereby <unk> ourselves from democracy , <unk> genuine citizenship and replacing that Europe of all citizens , of which we all dream , with bureaucratic <unk> .
We must create jobs and urgently so , in all Member States and in all sectors .
The report will be made available to your committee as soon as it has been translated .
Together we share the view that the North Korean position is untenable .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , our debate today is focusing on the dramatic situation in Eritrea .
The next item is the Council and Commission statements on the recent statements of the President of Iran , Mr <unk> <unk> .
We believe the European Parliament should set up a travel card , like the one which exists in the Swedish Parliament .
<unk> of the death penalty is part of that priority .
In Finland , an <unk> company of the Finnish army was <unk> the new President of the Republic , with the words &quot; Good morning , Madam President . &quot;
Measures against these things are of paramount importance .
However , there are negative aspects to this directive .
As a Member from northern France , a traditional industrial area , I speak from first-hand experience .
The rapporteur must be given credit for having <unk> hidden her real message behind technical <unk> of meaning .
I would , in any case , like to thank Mr Corbett for his work - despite the fact that he has not listened to most of my speech !
Our <unk> views on Amendment No 5 may lie more in the wording used than in any disagreement on its intent .
Mr President , for many years now we have constantly been receiving new reports describing the <unk> of the vital ozone <unk> .
As a group we are against putting UCLAF into a separate box .
The European Union &apos;s credibility , both internally and in its relations with its partners , is threatened when money is admittedly made available and aid is promised , but because of bureaucratic obstacles the aid either arrives far too late or not at all .
It regards the provision of medical and hospital care as a mere commercial commodity and insured people as consumers who must limit their demand .
Mr President , the report currently under discussion is excellent .
This is interesting not only in terms of the rate of development of these dossiers but also as an indication of the way in which the applicant countries are reacting to the negotiating process .
Madam President , this is not really an objection .
Its potential which results from introducing the Internal Market is huge .
It is vital for intellectual property to be protected .
There will be no problem , Madam .
International fisheries agreements are trade agreements as the Council of the European Union acknowledged , even though they are <unk> more and more of their own funds to cooperation , yet they are of fundamental importance to cover the deficit in the supply of fish in the European Union and for jobs in Europe &apos; s Objective 1 regions that we must also treat as a priority .
On behalf of the European Parliament , I would send my sincere condolences to Mr <unk> <unk> &apos;s family and friends , and to the Serbian people &apos; .
The answer to these questions is clear for all to see in the report before us , which , after three years , simply lists the same recommendations to the Commission .
The World Health Organisation ’ s statutes do not provide for observer status ; we must therefore find and propose compromises that will enable Taiwan to take part in the work done by the World Health Organisation .
The only way to achieve that goal is through a combination of bans , care , preventive work and international cooperation .
Even the collection of information on , for example , the use of medicinal products , would do a great deal towards reducing costs and making treatment more efficient , because at present the experience gained in particular <unk> or by practising doctors is simply not being collected or made available on a Europe-wide basis .
Today we are debating on the basis of the reports by our colleagues , <unk> Oostlander and Enrique Barón Crespo , and I would like to talk about these two reports .
For example , I greatly regret that , while the People &apos; s Republic of China has signed important documents such as the International <unk> on Civil and Political Rights and the International <unk> on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights , the process of ratifying and implementing the two <unk> has yet to be completed .
We should be able to conduct a debate like this flexibly !
( Laughter ) – Mr President , behind one Martinez <unk> another !
This is the European educational territory that we plan to create together with the applicant countries .
Our priority in criminal matters is combating crime , particularly money laundering .
As the author is not present , Question No 12 lapses .
Congratulations Commissioner Monti , my dear colleague .
We will have to operate on two levels to combat these diseases .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr <unk> has not said anything new .
I will start from the premise that in our culture drawing a friend &apos;s attention to his or her shortcomings is not considered to be interference .
Commissioner , please allow me to be a little forward .
I could perhaps have accepted this in the Social Democrats &apos; more moderate version but not in the form in which it has now been adopted , because in my opinion an election of this kind is not appropriate for a multinational structure such as the EU and could easily lead to national or <unk> problems .
<unk> nothing , ladies and gentlemen .
We still have an almost purely national framework for justice , although certain situations are in practice clearly of a transnational nature .
At any rate , the two reports under consideration today say nothing about such disasters , which we regard as an additional cause for regret .
Mr Purvis mentioned the Balkans and Serbia .
New difficulties have arisen in some countries .
.
Freedoms are increasingly restricted and subject to the <unk> control by the police authorities , which are approved by the judicial authorities .
In the light of the situation in the European Parliament &apos;s part-session this week , which saw proposals made to prohibit TV crews from <unk> during voting , it is clear that there are many who wish through censorship to prevent the political debate within the European Parliament from reaching the citizens .
Another issue is the infringement of the right to leave where there is a limited contract of employment .
The reasons are well known and have been known to everyone for years : nepotism , serious irregularities , &apos; fraud &apos; , &apos; lack of control of the bureaucratic administration &apos; and other <unk> excesses , which have been condemned here by <unk> Le Pen &apos;s Front National members for the last three legislative periods .
Therefore it is important that this Parliament - I said it on <unk> of December , I repeated it on <unk> of January in the Foreign Affairs Committee , I put it to my political group again afterwards , and today I will say it again before the full session - this Parliament has to speak up to condemn unreservedly this slaughter which has shaken public opinion throughout the world .
Agreement amending further <unk> Convention The next item is the debate on the report ( <unk> / 2001 ) by Mr Katiforis , on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , on the annual assessment of the implementation of the stability and convergence programmes .
We would point out that there have been EU rulings which make it clear that the authorities can prevent the transportation of waste intended for an alternative use or for disposal if the transport involved is not in accordance with their plans for waste management , and these authorities , according to the rulings , are any region , <unk> or other form of local unit , which are required to make appropriate arrangements for the purpose of facilitating the receipt , processing and disposal of their own waste .
To say at this early stage that these <unk> should also apply to <unk> companies would be too much of a good thing , or des <unk> zu <unk> , as they say in German .
We have still not made any decisions , but we hope to be able to take measures either with the WTO or with some other organisation in order to finance the project this year .
This would increase the current price differences in <unk> wine products and force drinks that have to use the <unk> of wine off the market .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , we are now considering the Commission proposal seeking to establish the rules for the participation of undertakings , research centres and universities and for the dissemination of research results for the implementation of the European Community framework programme <unk> .
<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> ar na <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> a <unk> <unk> ar <unk> <unk> na <unk> <unk> <unk> .
<unk> <unk> of the status of deep-water features are currently being carried out by the International Council for the <unk> of the Sea , ICES .
I would ask that this statement be recorded in the Minutes .
I am against the <unk> of culture .
It is an indirect tax and affects people regardless of their income ; I would even go so far as to say that it damages the most disadvantaged social categories , since they represent the group that spends the highest proportion of its income on consumption .
Mr Harbour mentioned the need for the Commission to reduce red tape and to simplify procedures .
We have been told that it is and we can only agree .
The emphasis has been placed on the need to coordinate the Union &apos; s overall action ; the idea being to bolster the common , foreign and security policy , in order for there to be an integrated campaign against terrorism , including the systematic <unk> of relations between the European Union and third countries in the light of any support that these countries might give to terrorism .
The same goes for Mr Wynn , the Chairman of the Committee on Budgets , for the <unk> accomplished conciliatory work he has done and for his constructive leadership of the committee .
Yet is it wise to risk <unk> indefinitely a statute that has already been awaited by the social economy for several years ?
I also ask you to return the favour of Parliament ’ s understanding by accepting the proposed improvements to the text , which are sure to be adopted by this House , particularly so as to allow for transitional state aid in the least favoured regions and to <unk> the compensation paid to farmers , especially from the restructuring fund .
I can give the House a categorical assurance that there was no such link .
When in the autumn the Commission comes to deal with the problems surrounding the <unk> of external costs , as they are referred to , it will be important that the Commission and the <unk> come up with a timetable for the way ahead in Europe .
The common denominator is , in the final analysis , so small that it does not justify the efforts of the past years .
I should like to thank the rapporteur for his excellent report .
As we know , it actually took until the end of September 2000 before the Council <unk> up the necessary courage .
The aim of this recognition will only be <unk> achieved if the Commission applies itself to submitting a revised directive that would finally enable a genuine policy of equality to be developed in this sector , which should lead to the balanced representation of women farmers in the various decision-making <unk> , access to separate social rights , the principle of equal pay , particular focus on the needs of women in rural areas when actions are selected and extending the LEADER + programme to cover the new situations created by enlargement .
Finally , I would like to say that I am in complete agreement with the proposals to develop compatible electronic systems , made by different speakers , amongst others the rapporteur , Mr <unk> and Mr <unk> .
For example , this week the Fisheries Council is debating cod stocks and the common fisheries policy .
<unk> medicinal products There are many situations where they are greatly in need of protection .
Lastly , a couple of months have passed since the failure of Cancún , yet we have absolutely no idea what conclusions and what lines of action the Commission intends to follow , and there is no link with the Millennium Goals either , Commissioner Lamy .
The national budget could double and could hopefully ensure financial cover for basic state functions , as well as some stimulus for the economy .
It would also be a <unk> of the people who will be handling the new , <unk> notes .
<unk> .
That is true , but it does more than that .
Since the Treaty of Amsterdam came into force Parliament &apos;s workload has increased very significantly and it is important that this is taken into account in this budget .
.
In Asia , Africa and South America , western multinationals use small children for various types of hard work , such as <unk> tobacco , bananas and cotton , making <unk> or <unk> <unk> and sports clothing in intolerable conditions , often working for more than twelve hours at a time .
Because the country lies at the centre of a <unk> of cross-border employment in which unemployment is as high as <unk> % , or more than that .
In conclusion , I really must emphasise once again that in relation to the <unk> contamination of organic products by GMOs , the proposal under discussion at present amounts to a very important <unk> of the rules and not , as it has often been suggested , a weakening .
Commissioner , progress has indeed been made , at least in terms of the call that has been made for human rights to be respected in the country formerly known as Burma .
The candidate countries have decided of their own free will to belong to the European Union , and we wish to welcome them , but , when it comes to issues of war and peace , preventive warfare and the <unk> of international law , we expect them to be <unk> alongside us .
The third message from Bonn concerns globalisation .
This report could be an action plan standard for new Member States .
Before they can join the EU , however , they must meet set criteria .
However , we cannot deny the obvious and we should recall that the Treaty does not <unk> all types of aid , so some types that are aimed at objectives such as social cohesion , regional cohesion , the environment , etc .
should be permitted .
When we talk of investment in aspects such as human resources , training , employment services , efforts to achieve higher employment rates , the promotion of crucial qualitative and quantitative employment levels and at the same time an agenda for social cohesion , we have in mind objectives that should not be seen solely as a compensatory or offsetting <unk> to a Lisbon Strategy focused exclusively on the economic sphere , but that form an integral part of it .
The European Parliament has always made a case for protecting linguistic diversity and regional and minority languages .
We have all seen the pictures of the highly significant incident marking the visit of Jacques Chirac to East Jerusalem .
In addition the Commission is supporting five territorial employment pacts , in Flanders , <unk> and <unk> and in <unk> , <unk> and West <unk> and finally the region of the capital Brussels .
So let us tackle the subject clearly : there is a splendid programme , <unk> <unk> by the Commission and yourself , called the LEADER programme , for investment in rural areas , specifically for vital aid in fields such as small businesses , tourist accommodation , <unk> , the marketing and <unk> of agricultural products and , in these contexts , it is being blocked , stopped , paralysed in Spain .
For example , a generalised extension of the prohibition of the use of certain trade marks could prejudice companies which , in reality , do not produce tobacco ; all that happens is that some of the trade marks coincide with those of other companies who do produce it .
When we turn to the content of this policy , we must also proceed on the basis of what people want , and what they want is information about those matters close to their everyday lives , such as food safety , employment , the environment , traffic , human <unk> and so on .
The same could be said about the issue of removing the <unk> column , on the subject of risk materials .
When seen in today ’ s light , this is not really coherent , and we are well aware of this .
What we are facing is continuous preferential treatment for men .
And we have still to find an answer to them .
As I said earlier , however , we designed the indicators as a working tool .
We cannot have a situation , with this or other matters , where honest people eventually lose out , where a person who only applies the EC mark when he really keeps to the rules is punished because others stick the mark on without complying with anything .
The next item is the joint debate on the following reports : Sometimes there are those who prefer to <unk> and pay a small amount , which is much less than the profits that they will gain from committing the crime .
However , I think there is still one <unk> : it refuses to design a system of integrated principles with clear guidelines which would result in completely objective recruitment competitions .
This is why we voted against it in committee , as did the rapporteur herself .
I endorse the views expressed by the animal welfare organisation and would like to call on the Council , the Commission and the whole House to at last do something of practical usefulness in this regard .
In particular , the new regime for the automatic recognition of medical <unk> <unk> the need for simplification with the legitimate demands of the profession .
As a punishment for the failure by the <unk> to toe <unk> &apos;s line on the size of the division .
These people make up 20 % of the population of Latvia and 9 % of that of Estonia .
Mr Camisón Asensio &apos;s question is in fact a very relevant one .
Their movements , both through exclusive economic zones and through free waters , their current regulation by four regional fishing organisations , their high economic value , which makes them the target of many fleets , and their association with species which are not subject to direct fishing , such as <unk> and marine <unk> , explain the fact that even the United Nations has decided to intervene by means of the agreement on highly migratory species .
Mr President , I should like to say at the outset that I totally agree with the rapporteur that the current backlog of funding is completely unacceptable and that urgent action is now required to <unk> the situation .
It is also one of the key objectives pursued in the Commission &apos; s proposal for a regulatory framework for radio spectrum policy .
I believe that it is a question of establishing common definitions and creating an environment which makes fair competition possible .
We need to demonstrate that we can reduce our emissions and that this contributes towards our economic development .
It could , however , serve as the blueprint for a workable procedure .
They did not die from discrimination or unequal treatment , they died from <unk> .
It is therefore extremely important at this time that we make our position in favour of democracy and freedom clear by calling for electoral freedom in Ukraine .
Her condition is extremely <unk> and she does not have full-time access to medical attention and treatment .
If you want to better inform the people , you should start by strengthening liaison with this House , as we are the representatives of the citizens .
Noise is an environmental and health problem which is underestimated .
I do not believe there is any advantage in creating a second , parallel database ; we must use the one we have .
Nothing is envisaged for the <unk> generations , to train them , to improve working conditions , and therefore to provide investments in safety on vessels .
You did not ask for a roll call vote on Amendment No 9 , only on the text .
If that is not the case , the Commission will be able to propose making the use of these standards obligatory .
We have to meet this need for information , especially in those areas where ignorance gives rise to fears .
The alternative to this tiny step forwards , however , would have been <unk> worse .
You have only to speak to the emergency services themselves to get confirmation that this would help them .
The European arrest warrant can make a major contribution towards the efficiency of the fight against terrorism within European territory .
I want to see that European Commission proposals have real <unk> when it comes to this Parliament in the not too distant future .
It is indeed strange that we do not have more formal relations with our most important partner .
This <unk> with strand <unk> is all the <unk> in that the rapporteur himself acknowledges in his explanatory statement that &apos;the draft guidelines do not provide any indication of possible fields of co-operation &apos; ( <unk> ) and that &apos;the responsibilities are <unk> and vague &apos; ( <unk> ) .
Mr President , though I wish all the members of her family good health , I wish that were indeed the reason .
If that principle is adopted , we shall then see whether or not the first paragraph of the annex is to be adopted .
On the whole , there are plenty of small things we could find fault with : such and such a thing has not been put right , more reform is needed here , administrative reform is needed there , judicial , police and agricultural reforms elsewhere .
( The Minutes were approved ) Competition policy , particularly the control of concentrations , is an attempt by the system to <unk> and to avoid the <unk> of economic <unk> and the negative <unk> of dominant or concerted positions on the markets .
The EU must play a strategic role in improving equal access to therapies and <unk> , by calling on the Member States to coordinate their actions , including in research , and by facilitating access to the best practice in treatment and rehabilitation .
First , the new EMS cannot be more than a temporary arrangement , since the official objective , in theory at least , is still a single currency for everyone and convergence in the foreseeable future .
I welcome that as a statement but , of course , you , as a long-standing Member of this House , know how we function , and we greatly appreciate what you have done on our behalf in the budgetary procedure .
We underline that there is no legal basis in the Treaties for a proposal that would interfere with the internal market , competition rules or public procurement .
The purpose of this Round , which has been called the ‘ Development Round ’ since it began in 2001 , is to strengthen the basic principles of the multilateral commercial framework , responding appropriately to the problems of the developing countries .
For these important reasons , I too am committed to ensuring that agricultural activity is maintained in naturally disadvantaged regions as well as in good farming areas .
We know everything is not yet perfect .
I would emphasise , in particular , the need to draw up a strategy that sees globalisation as a contribution to social development and respect for fundamental rights .
Mr President , it is good to have hope but it must not <unk> and it must not blind us to reality .
He is lamenting something which is the result of a policy that he himself helped to develop .
As I said , the position of the British Government was stated by our Prime Minister and the strong case for increased Council transparency is clearly recognised .
I can also assure you , Mr Martin , that the Council places much emphasis on transparency in respect of expenses .
I again congratulate the rapporteur and ask that we all vote for what was originally a cod and hake report - and make sure that we do have a cod and hake report .
And what is this saying about the legal position of the SFOR military ?
What about suspending food aid ?
We urgently need to reduce the democratic deficit between the citizens and their representatives .
<unk> power is perhaps technically renewable energy , nevertheless this is not what we are talking about here .
( The President noted that there was no opposition to considering the oral amendment ) Mr President , we have reached the end of Question Time , and I should like to protest against the reply given to me by the President-in-Office when I asked about controls and security at the external border of the EU , a reply which implies a violation of the Treaty .
The EU <unk> <unk> Network started its work three years ago to detect and control <unk> diseases in people , irrespective of the cause and means of transmission .
Besides issuing a number of other recommendations , the WHO experts took the view that gelatine and tallow are quite safe , provided certain processing methods are applied .
Speaking again as a member of the Council , as I said : if the Commission considers there is a need for any such initiatives , which are of fundamental importance to people facing charges , especially in other countries , we shall of course examine them very closely .
The importance of this action is underlined by the fact that money laundering has a major role to play in organised crime , and it is closely connected with areas such as trafficking in drugs and human beings , and the illegal trade in weapons .
Education has a major part to play in building an equal and integrated society .
– Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Russia has to accept the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , the problem , of course , is familiar to everyone .
I do not want it to be reduced to a think tank or , at best , a supervisory body for a couple of industry sectors .
The number was reduced to 160 in 2003 .
Nonetheless , these protocols are clearly necessary , because there must be legal uniformity and harmony in the enlarged Union .
This is to the benefit of both companies and consumers , as any extra requirements are reflected in the price of the ticket .
We know , for example , that nowadays a <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> exactly as much in an hour as a car in European category 4 travelling at 150 <unk> per hour .
In that way , they end up in our water supplies which , as we all know , are our most vital resource .
And , as I also said , these tragic incidents highlight the urgent need to intensify efforts to promote a solution under the UN aegis .
It is time that we looked at how we recognise what we call national sovereignty and how we treat so-called independent nations .
That has clarified the matter , and I wanted to pass on this explanation to the House .
That makes it absolutely clear that what I have just said is covered by this report .
<unk> of statements of intent ; now is the time for action .
If these conditions are not fulfilled , then we should be prepared to call for a second postponement of the elections .
My group comes out , then , in clear support of the proposal before us .
I urge you to take this issue very seriously .
The Commission should show courage and acknowledge openly measures which affect competition between energy sources .
I trust , therefore , rapporteur , that you will accept the amendment tabled by the socialist Members to paragraph 14 on the International Criminal Court , which we feel is extremely comprehensive and appropriate .
<unk> Voggenhuber himself hopes his parliamentary immunity might be waived , as he has very <unk> shown our group that this is a matter of standing up for freedom of speech , which is something he wishes to be involved in .
I am very indignant about the fact that it is so difficult to get any documents handed over on this matter .
Why will they not go along with this ?
To sum up , following the fourth and last preparatory meeting , the Presidency is quite optimistic about the forthcoming Monterrey Conference .
Cuba is a horrendous dictatorship , and the facts I have just mentioned are well known .
A number of tender procedures for the so-called &quot; early <unk> projects &apos; and project management have already been announced , and so the contract will be signed in the near future .
The Commission will take the conclusion of this report seriously into account before taking any initiative in this area .
We fail , however , fully to recognise the European Union ’ s enormous success in <unk> the new countries so naturally .
Turkey does not , for example , fulfil the human rights requirements for becoming a member .
We have established that systems vary considerably .
Despite the perception that some procedures and technical definitions concerning the use of cogeneration remain contradictory , I believe the principles guiding the drafting of this report to be broadly correct , and I agree with the compromise approach that ultimately emerged from the work undertaken in the Commission .
For this reason , the European Parliament has to create alignment in this budget hearing concerning the budgets for the next few years .
It is also responsible for land <unk> by the <unk> at the expense of the ethnic minorities .
So it is perhaps no wonder that he was asked to be rapporteur and that he has produced such a first-rate report .
There is no doubt that greater humanitarian efforts are needed in the form of food , and also in the form of medical aid , in order to reach the base level for the existing needs .
Nobody will deny that Schengen could play a role in this .
The Minutes state that your response to me was that you would take the steps necessary to achieve this .
Nevertheless , I would ask the honourable Members to appreciate the fact that we also wish to ensure that the local and regional authorities and local partners are included in the implementation of these programmes as far as possible .
You have made a number of comments on the European Constitution .
This is a way of promoting a certain degree of integration between those regions and their less developed neighbours .
I should also like to encourage the Commission to consider establishing an advisory committee in this area , bringing together non-governmental organizations , users and <unk> , health and social care professionals ; again , so that we can disseminate good practice across the whole of the European Union .
<unk> are strongly <unk> indicators , at least in Greece .
I am indignant when I see a billion of ECU for tobacco being questioned .
I detected a mood in the Council last Monday that ministers accepted the proposition that we have to abandon unilateral measures in individual Member States and go forward with the measures that address the problem on a Europe-wide basis .
I would recommend voting against this amendment because in essence it discriminates .
Mr Verheugen , what will we do with Turkey if it does not meet the conditions for opening negotiations in 2004 ?
What is needed is greater public investment in facilities and equipment and in the training of the technical and specialist workers needed , better provision of quality care and assistance for the elderly , specifically in the health services , and the setting-up of home care services , ensuring that all citizens have access to these services in all the countries of the European Union .
<unk> ­ <unk> / 2000 by Mr Sakellariou and others , on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , on nuclear <unk> ; The creation of a mechanism whereby the Commission can intervene to remove certain obstacles to trade had previously been dealt with in an unsatisfactory manner by the Commission , particularly with respect to the rights of trade unions and the right of Member States to govern their own affairs .
It is not Andorra .
Now we have to provide the funds and so the Commission has presented a proposal in its preliminary draft budget which reflects the importance of this remit .
My aim with these comments is to show you that I have studied the Herman report in depth , because it merits careful study .
It was no longer <unk> to continue a dual system where half of the courses were provided by internal teachers at a cost approximately four times greater than the courses provided by language schools , with no difference in quality .
We are now constantly being asked what progress we are making in <unk> fraud involving European funds .
This is irresponsible , and so are the proposals for change by the Environmental Committee .
I also have my personal doubts about the <unk> of a European scientific community , if it is to be created from above , i. e. by the <unk> of the Commission and the Council , and not allowed to develop naturally through networking between the scientific communities , from one business or university to another ; financing , both at a national and European level , must naturally be secured .
That is appropriate for a country of its size and state of economic development .
I think that this is what is most important .
They operate in a complex manner and sometimes their decisions oblige us to take one route or another in a way that to a certain extent <unk> the result .
I will conclude by pointing out that there is no point in adopting stringent legislation if it does not provide an efficient supervision system which rewards honest producers and <unk> those whose improper conduct <unk> the future of an entire sector which is of primary importance for the European economy .
In connection with travel insurance accident insurance is also often sold , which include provision for <unk> in the event of death .
Whether for geopolitical reasons , in the case of Pakistan , or giving precedence to trading interests over human rights , in the case of China , we have at times failed to take a strong and consistent line against countries whose very structures of government are based on <unk> fear in their citizens .
If we let Saddam carry on in the way that he is , then what message does this send to others of <unk> intent ?
I do not think it is realistic for the money for this to come from the European Development Fund .
Europe is sick .
Madam President , Commissioner , I should first like to congratulate the rapporteurs .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I do not think we need to dwell too much on <unk> of the regime installed by the Taliban .
The minutes statement that is attached to this report from the UK Government makes it clear that it is the UK Government &apos;s sole responsibility to ensure that the legislation is put in place for <unk> to vote in those elections .
The other section which I would like to raise is Article <unk> which was not discussed in the social committee but went through as a matter of course .
First , we must press to support the work of the United Nations Human Rights Commission Office in Bogotá , to consider its reports , to extend its funding and to request consideration of the appointment of a special rapporteur to work with the office in Colombia itself .
Like Mr Watson , I would also mention Parliament &apos;s resolution of 13 December 2001 , and , in particular , the principles it set out concerning the negotiations on judicial cooperation with the United States .
Turning to thematic resolutions , the EU initiatives on the death penalty and the rights of the child were adopted by the Human Rights Commission .
We were first in the whole cycle from <unk> to <unk> and back again .
Then it turns out , Mr Monti , that it is always national firms who are given preference .
The dialogue between legislators , <unk> and banks , both at national and European level , referred to in the Lamfalussy procedure can also help to keep supervision appropriate to the function concerned .
We can be proud of this result .
The next item is the oral question ( <unk> / 2004 ) by Mr Rocard , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , to the Council , concerning the Olympic truce .
It is no criticism of him to say that the value of the exercise to which we are devoting ourselves this evening is , however , fairly limited , indeed very limited , particularly by the outcome of the vote taken by our Parliament this morning .
Liberalisation has directly resulted in enormous increases in the wholesale gas price in the UK .
We have accepted amendments from colleagues in the Socialist Group , the Green Group and even the Group of the European People &apos;s Party , and as a result I think the report has been enriched .
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p. m . I wish to apologise to the President-in-Office as I will not be here to take his response .
The next item is Question Time ( <unk> / 2005 ) .
Our citizens have a right to receive equal legal protection wherever they are in the European Union .
That is why we are being flexible in the matter in voting for the two legal bases tomorrow if the aim is ambitious , and the Council ’ s reaction <unk> me a little here .
Finally , the developing countries &apos; access to research and technology is an essential element in the fight against hunger and poverty .
How <unk> it is when attempts are made on all sides to give greater powers to the European Union at the expense of the Member States .
Can such an institution be said to support terrorism or not ?
Mr President , I voted for the Council &apos; s framework decision on joint investigation teams .
Secondly , I wish to say that at this stage nobody doubts that the Committee on Petitions and the Ombudsman make an extremely important contribution to compliance with Community law .
Those who bear political and military responsibility also deserve our appreciation .
Anyone labelling meat must have explicit approval from the competent public authorities .
I believe that we must ensure that the phenomenon of the working poor does not become widespread over here as well .
I would merely like to clarify one point .
.
Nor does a European constitution offer any added value .
If some countries see matters in a different light , it would be better if they stated this clearly to the public in their own countries before the end of the year and to arrange the necessary referendum .
Respect for core labour standards in an ever more <unk> economy is a matter whose importance has to be continuously reiterated and driven home .
We have no difficulty with the debate on the <unk> report beginning at 9 <unk> <unk> , provided we can be assured that the senior members of the administration , from the Secretary-General <unk> , are here for the discharge debate on Parliament &apos;s budget .
At its last meeting on 25 January 1999 the General Affairs Council again confirmed the European Union &apos;s position .
As President Prodi quite rightly said this morning , we should not be <unk> our energy on measuring the size of <unk> and <unk> .
I will attempt to answer this question as positively as possible : it means we cannot invest in safety without investing in Community action .
Unfortunately , the Council and the Commission have completely ignored this Parliament &apos;s positions .
These days , consumers are lost among the great variety of products , and have no alternative but to rely on the statements of manufacturers , which are sometimes unfounded , and often <unk> .
This represents a first step towards the European Union &apos;s lawmaking becoming more modern .
Mr President , at the European Council , in addition to these three areas of the financial markets , network industries and the labour market , the Presidency is going to incorporate , for the first time , an analysis of the relationship between growth and the environment , or in other words , the need for environmentally sustainable growth , and to this end , it is clear that we must make progress on formulae which guarantee sustainable development .
The Commission is taking a far more proactive and forward-looking approach in its proposals .
However , where I would differ from my colleagues is in trying to use <unk> tactics against the Member State governments by telling them what they can and cannot do .
I am delighted to vote in favour of Mr Lannoye &apos;s report .
Violence continues to overshadow the preparations for the election ; opposition politicians are intimidated , two of them having been murdered in June alone .
I want to say to Mr Jarzembowski that this law would be devastating for jobs .
And fifth , it is important that the directive should be able to incorporate or adopt - whatever word we use - further improvements , so that we are not isolated from developments .
The fishermen have a vested commercial interest in seeing cod stocks recover .
Finally , I want to remind the Commissioner that we look forward to receiving similar rules for international rail , ferry and <unk> journeys soon .
Whether one agrees or <unk> with the <unk> , they nonetheless have a common programme and are part of a common , supranational federation of parties in the form of the European Free Alliance .
This is a subject in which the countries on the periphery , such as your country , Mr Spring , have a special interest .
Then we have the other great fundamental issue : the future of the Union and its relationship with the Constitutional Treaty .
I want to tackle those raised by Members who are still here in the Chamber .
I think that we should make a commitment to a genuine Europe-wide public holiday .
I would particularly like to point out some examples which have worked quite well in my country , Sweden .
Although every state chooses its own name without interference from other states or international bodies , attempts are still being made here from the outside to impose a different name in which only the last letter is indicative of the real name .
Experience in this respect has been <unk> but the research which is at present under way and which is due to continue , is very important .
I am very glad that she did so and wish to thank her for her efforts .
With types of cover in which greater life expectancy works against the interests of the insurers , women are penalised for living longer .
The European Parliament has spoken out many times on this matter , the last time only three months ago , to condemn the violation of the freedom to practice religion .
We feel a thorough examination of each asylum demand and a decision should be based on each individual case .
Indeed , my starting point coincides with that of Mrs Peijs .
Mr President , in our memories <unk> will always remain the country of the <unk> <unk> &apos; .
<unk> the new threats the first line of defence will often be abroad .
I must inform you , ladies and gentlemen - even though there are very few of you I am going to make this solemn statement - that for the first time in the legislature we have had time to get through all the questions .
Investment in the South does become an attractive prospect for them , however , if wages are low and , in particular , if environmental and safety requirements there are less <unk> or very poorly monitored .
We share the view that it is necessary that the EU will think about an intermediate step between full membership and neighbourhood , for the sake of those countries that have no membership perspective as yet .
The new year is a time of hope and expectation , especially for our fishermen .
It is not easy to be EU Environment Commissioner .
At its meeting of 29 November , the Commission reaffirmed that it is against any <unk> of operating aid .
I would like to point out that one must be careful when <unk> the Sixth and Seventh Framework <unk> , as these are structured differently and are sometimes difficult to compare .
Mr President , I do wish to state that we strongly condemn situations in which people die as a result of certain action .
Having made these observations , I support the two proposals as amended .
Will it want to subject Europe to the scope of the WTO , which has a dangerous abundance of situations that have unforeseen consequences ?
There is also a failure to develop adequate new forms of employment .
<unk> in the construction of specialist ships will prove decisive here and this could give our shipbuilding industry a shot in the arm .
I want to approach this from a very different perspective .
The debate is closed .
We did not vote in favour because we feel that all too often the development cooperation within the Commission is still regarded as a <unk> measure .
The Member States and the EU have got into the habit of giving lessons in democracy and defence of human rights all over the world .
Thank you for pointing that out .
This has to happen very quickly , and it is also the decisive test of our credibility .
The resolution does not say a single word about the terrorist acts and kidnappings which have been carried out as James <unk> has continued with his exploits in Cuba .
Only four European countries comply with that resolution .
I am in favour of bringing pressure to bear on European firms to <unk> or not to invest .
When you believe in what you say , you put it into practice , without even knowing whether you will ever have the honour of asking your fellow Members to vote for you .
The first category , which is aimed at tightening the rules on air security , is the one containing the greatest number of amendments and we can accept practically all of them .
The report says that basically , as far as banks and insurance companies are concerned , the institutional framework is adequate but it leaves aside the matter of how to deal with <unk> crises .
Within the eurozone , it is the central banks and the <unk> , or the Finance <unk> , who have decided on the changeover plans .
On 11 June the Council approved a report assessing the progress achieved by the countries of the region in relation to these conditions for European integration .
Thirdly , for the first time since it entered into force a few days ago on 1 May , the provisions of the Treaty of Amsterdam are now applicable .
For all these reasons I believe that we need conviction as well as the capacity for absorption .
It is rather a question of our ability to give credibility to alternative mechanisms for dispute resolution and to give consumers and business people confidence in these mechanisms .
Once again , I thank you for this award .
We have all too often said – and continually repeated to Turkey – that the negotiations are <unk> open-ended and that therefore the outcome is not a <unk> conclusion .
The debate is closed .
It is of major importance for energy efficiency to go hand in hand with sound cost-benefit analysis .
Furthermore , thanks to the <unk> project , there are already possibilities for cooperation , and I can inform you that many schools are taking advantage of the opportunities provided by the <unk> project to put the <unk> on learning regional languages .
I find worrying the <unk> the Americans are now making in this respect and I believe they are trying to move the <unk> regarding farming .
Mr President , I would like to refer to pages 20 and 21 of the English version concerning Question Time and the conduct of Question Time .
Within 11 months from now the world will again have to take crucial decisions .
However , important steps remain to be taken by Ukraine in the implementation of the Action Plan , in areas such as the rule of law and in particular on the economic side : the fight against corruption ; adopting relevant legislation for WTO accession ; and improving the business climate .
Nothing .
He could have quoted the famous phrase of a Communist minister of public office : &apos; In an <unk> society , one must be <unk> in order to re-establish equality &apos; .
In any event , the European Union must be an agent for peace and international humanitarian law and it must assist the <unk> in its task of guaranteeing that this law is upheld .
But one of the things that the Commission identified in its Green Paper as an <unk> to innovation - in the sense of creating companies - was red tape , whether from the European Commission , or national governments , or , quite often , local authorities .
My group therefore supported his strategy to make the Council face up to its responsibilities : either we were to obtain the funding which would allow us to honour our political commitments or we would have recourse to Article 272 of the Treaty , which <unk> us to determine non-compulsory expenditure ourselves , albeit within strict limits .
I would also like to go into one other matter , and this concerns what should happen after November , after the agreement has expired , if the <unk> of fishing activity is enforced .
Madam President , the Committee on Budgets decided that it would be wise to draw up a report on this subject .
The Committee on Culture has completed everything in the shortest time possible .
A vote by <unk> Members , 160 of them voting against , means that we are , in some sense , <unk> ourselves as a legislative body with the power of codecision .
This is the request we are making in this resolution , which I think will meet with the approval of all the groups in Parliament .
This is a major aim of current Community legislation on air quality and emissions .
I agree absolutely with this assessment , if and insofar as the reference to economic success concerns businesses .
In shipping circles , there is disquiet about the treatment of shipping crew in some cases .
The euro must become part of education across the board .
He says that the Council has no information .
You have spoken , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , of new common initiatives at European level in the field of immigration .
We must therefore fight vigorously against smoking , just as we must fight <unk> against drug addiction , alcoholism and all dangerous <unk> , whether they are of natural or chemical origin .
A number of other issues were mentioned such as the entry into force of the Treaty of Nice and , more directly relevant to the budget , the entry into force of the new Financial Regulation on 1 January .
However , despite the fact that the poor turnout makes it difficult to interpret the result , it cannot be denied that , in freely expressing their will , the Irish people have reminded us once again that our fellow citizens do not understand our method for revising the Treaties - the method used at Nice - and no longer want it .
<unk> cattle are being driven right across Europe , animal stocks are being cut back in return for state subsidies and huge ecological installations are being built .
Five important negotiations have been concluded successfully and every effort is needed to reach an agreement in the transport sector too .
Mr Blak , I am glad to note your suggestion and it will be one of the last things I attend to .
.
– Mr President , Mr Vice-President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , although I have the floor , what we are really talking about here is the Green Paper on economic migration .
I would now like to quote a press release from the European Federation of <unk> <unk> and <unk> .
The Member States have not as yet <unk> the competence to establish a European Public Prosecutor .
Mr President , on a point of order under Rule <unk> and Annex XI of the Rules of Procedure , I should like to ask the President if he would refer the events of this morning &apos;s <unk> management committee to the <unk> Office for investigation .
Under the Commission proposal , GMOs will be labelled above a limit value of 1 % .
Mr President , just to <unk> to the points I made earlier , how does the President-in-Office reconcile a sports ban on Nigeria with the go-ahead for the World Cup which has opened up a whole <unk> of contacts with Nigeria ?
The answer is , none .
I neither wish to deprive them of the political benefits nor drive the research from Europe to the Far East The Council proposes that very few foods may be irradiated - only <unk> .
The absence of infrastructure in this area , of educated nurses and of the conditions required for these types of advanced medicine , which are very difficult to administer , to work , shows that even concentrated , <unk> efforts <unk> <unk> years in a place that is better organised than most others in Africa has not done the <unk> .
What will happen if <unk> , wild <unk> or <unk> are affected ?
We would call for the <unk> system to be looked at , under which , of course , the solidarity of the state is maintained , along with the solidarity on the part of trade and industry , and of course individual responsibility .
To conclude , Mr President , in my capacity as a man , I would like to underline a premise without which no current or planned measure can ensure equality : from the legal point of view we cannot improve the situation of women at work and in society unless we have already made it possible to reconcile family and professional life and to redistribute responsibilities in a spirit of solidarity .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I think it is the fourth time since I have been chairman of the Delegation to the <unk> Republic Joint Parliamentary Committee that we have tabled or conducted a topical and urgent debate in connection with developments in Slovakia , so it is not very original .
Why , in a legal text , should a list be drawn up of which <unk> considerations should , or should not , be taken into account ?
The first is the so-called third way in Europe : economic reform based on employability .
He has <unk> against the sex tourism so <unk> in the Philippines .
I only have to mention the 17 000 missing Lebanese , the restricted freedom of expression , the violence against demonstrating students , the death penalty and , of course , the situation concerning the Palestinian refugees , referred to by quite a few fellow MEPs .
The first question was about the <unk> University and I want to make it clear to the honourable Member who raised that question in <unk> that I think the university is extremely important .
That is why we are pushing this so much .
We thus support the rapporteur &apos;s amendments which want Member States to be able to retain these higher safety standards .
This is what happens when it is believed that there is some form of marine pollution leading to a ban on fishing .
This point therefore merits attention in the evaluation mentioned above .
Mr Andrews stressed the need for simplification of the instruments , and we all agree .
I need only recall that the <unk> <unk> a considerable amount of development aid to <unk> Europe - our area - so as to express their solidarity with us on matters of security policy , and we should not therefore <unk> away from taking part in discussions about conflict resolution or providing assistance in this respect either , whether it be in China , Taiwan , North Korea or South Korea .
For there can no longer be any excuse nor the least justification for this war , if we cannot even get the peace process going .
And that is my answer to Mrs Hautala .
Like many , if not all here , I am a strong supporter of this proposal .
I find this really quite dreadful : it contradicts the letter of the Treaty , and I hope that it will not happen .
Then too there were claims that this new technology would sow confusion among the more vulnerable <unk> and undermine established values and practices .
Ladies and gentlemen , last week we all learnt of the sad news of the death of Pope John Paul II .
( Loud applause ) However , the ultimate goal is , of course , for this Structural Funds policy to be better aligned to its objectives .
It was human beings that brought a <unk> of <unk> to America and Australian <unk> that undermine the Dutch <unk> .
Is it even <unk> You Will &apos; ?
Lastly , I would also like to mention the importance attached to special programmes on equal treatment for disabled people and provisions to promote equal opportunities .
This was sadly just one of six air accidents that took place this summer , from Greece to Venezuela , which claimed the lives of 500 people and gave rise to a feeling among passengers that they were not safe .
.
One year later , in 1994 , at the Essen Summit , the Council asked the Commission to prepare appropriate measures .
Meanwhile parts of it have become <unk> and the Nice summit has not improved matters either .
I actually think that I have not made too bad a job of it .
I asked a question about the legal basis , Articles 31 and 32 , and the decommissioning funds .
I am going to give the floor to Mrs Banotti who wishes to speak straightaway so that the Quaestors can take steps to ensure that the facilities are exactly as they should be .
As I said in my introductory remarks , we are actually in agreement on a phased approach .
.
– I abstained from voting on this report .
Industry &apos;s repeated request to exclude certain options from the process of reflection - such as , for example , <unk> PVC with alternatives or finding <unk> for the <unk> cadmium and lead - must be refused .
This consideration was twice brought to the attention of the European Ombudsman .
With this Regulation the EU will have , for the first time , an instrument by means of which conflicts arising from different laws in different Member States can be avoided .
The Council feels that it is only through such improvements that the people of Belarus can fully exercise their power over the future of the country .
The Commission proposed removing it and other initiatives , but Parliament &apos; s proposal and the sensitivity of the Commission itself at the time led to the URBAN initiative being retained .
You spoke , above all , about monitoring procedures and about sending people back , but sustainable development and peace in the countries from which people come must become a priority in the immediate future .
On one occasion in committee I <unk> my top and made it clear that decoupling is actually a means of ensuring that the money remains with the farmers , especially in the case of tobacco .
If we remember our core principles of the promotion of democracy , human rights , freedom from torture and above all of dialogue , then we will speak with a loud and clear voice .
So we need to improve access to justice for ordinary citizens right across the European Union .
The arrogance of the large countries and their interests in trade and transport has in this so-called compromise at third reading been the deciding factor .
In my country , Poland , the average number of deaths in road accidents each year is approximately 5 600 .
I remember the long hours of debate , the <unk> inspections carried out at the beginning of the committee of inquiry &apos; s work and then during the work of the supervisory committee monitoring the committee of inquiry , set up because Parliament did not have confidence even in the information provided by the Commission ; in effect , it proved to be severely lacking in many areas .
If so , he should implement the 1991 directive in full .
I also welcome the fact that the European Parliament notes that progress has been made in 1996 towards the decision-making procedures foreseen under Article <unk> and that progress has been made in cooperation with the US , with the <unk> , with the Mediterranean countries and with Russia .
The Commission &apos; s proposal is completely unsatisfactory , as was the Council &apos; s decision .
In the light of the events of Saturday 11 October in the Olympic <unk> Rome during the football match between England and Italy is the Commission <unk> to conduct its own enquiry into the organization and policing of the event ?
<unk> are moving their research to the USA .
Europe &apos;s great merit is to have turned principles into reality .
The task is to win a struggle against <unk> who cast aside all human qualities , break every rule and every law , disregard national and moral boundaries , know no restraint and <unk> pursue the criminal aim of abolishing human freedom .
Mr <unk> , to avoid any misunderstanding , let me say that I knew such motions might come from the floor , so I cast a careful eye around the Chamber before inviting the rapporteur to speak to see whether anyone wished to raise a point of order .
I would , therefore , urge the European Commission to reconsider carefully all aspects of this issue and , in particular , to review the inevitable effects , rather than just the recommendations in this report .
I would remind you , in particular , of the case of my country &apos; s border with Spain , which is largely <unk> &apos; , and I am also thinking of the new challenges and opportunities that the forthcoming enlargement will bring to this field .
We talk about dialogue and cooperation , but it is actually a dispute .
Davos without Porto Alegre makes no sense and the same applies to Porto Alegre without Davos .
After purchasing <unk> from a renowned high street store , namely <unk> , I received an incomplete order with a promise of further delivery .
Is this freedom ?
And in the third amendment , we also think the European Commission has a responsibility .
This patriotism is consistent because ESA 95 was adopted by the Socialist government , to whose party the former belongs .
Cooperation between industry and the scientific community has not worked , and researchers have not <unk> themselves sufficiently of the EU &apos; s fifth Framework Programme in the development of alternative methods .
LIFE has been extremely successful because it is one of the Community programmes which give rise to many projects .
Mr President , this is the fourth plenary debate in this parliamentary period on the human rights situation in the European Union .
In any case , we usually vote when there is a room available and not when there is not .
For a long time little attention was paid to this and we looked too much at the technical side of the disease .
We should <unk> of a <unk> <unk> and should consider how we dealt with confrontation between the European Parliament and the Council about the annual budget .
We must not fail to also mention the missed opportunity of Amsterdam when we should at least have outlined an institutional architecture suited to the continent and resolutely moved towards a federal model , instead of adopting a unique structure whose limitations are constantly being revealed .
This is , without doubt , an <unk> centralised and arbitrary institution which does away with any sense of national sovereignty .
Future generations will never forgive us if we turn our minds away from those who have suffered such <unk> atrocities and who continue to suffer as I speak .
Of course , for a less problematic country than Turkey , the very fact that the European Parliament intended to take an interest in the matter would be incentive enough to put a stop to any thought of violating its legal and moral obligations .
One cause for concern in this respect , however , is that this principle will only apply to trade between businesses for the time being .
Moreover , it provides pigs with a first-rate supply of essential <unk> and <unk> <unk> , and makes it possible to reduce the importation of feedingstuffs .
That is an antiquated way of looking at things and we will oppose any ideas of that <unk> in no uncertain terms !
What has been done to Mr <unk> is therefore wholly unacceptable .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , today &apos;s resolution on the Aviation Safety Agency is one of the first of many decisions that we have to take in the area of air transport .
I appeal for <unk> in the face of nature &apos; s own system .
Mr President , you have spoken of an identity crisis .
You said you might be able to put some proposals to the Commission in September .
That would be sure to diminish young people ’ s confidence in what we are doing and also in our intentions .
I turn first to the proposed regulation on enforcement cooperation .
In my view , the issue ought to be tackled by adding something to the interinstitutional agreement between the three institutional bodies , which as we all know , happened in the case of the investigative committees .
This proposal has been coordinated with the OSCE mission in <unk> , and we consider that it is in accordance with the proposal contained in this resolution .
I must admit , I am also glad that a good precedent has now , at last , been set , which will stop us trying to use the lack of a legal basis or similar arguments as an excuse for not doing something we do not want to in the future .
However , these problems cannot be solved in the manner favoured by certain Members of this House , who create the impression that media impact and the prevention of genetic engineering are more important to them than effective consumer protection .
Secondly , that the European Union must give priority to promoting Turkey &apos; s democratisation in an intelligent way .
That agriculture &apos;s core activity is the production of healthy , safe and high-quality food is not a matter of dispute , but despite that - or indeed because of it - we have to be able to say that there is little disagreement among farmers that , in the interests of viable food production , plant protection agents should be applied to cultivated plants in order to avoid the reduction of yield or quality as a result of disease , <unk> and <unk> .
Nor should we forget the origins of the <unk> in India between different religious groupings : social <unk> , poverty and illiteracy .
The institutions must be able to deliver accountability and transparency .
It is , of course , correct that the European Union does not permit the death penalty within its borders .
Indeed , what right do we have to demand of developing countries that they give their minorities a voice , that they protect their valuable natural areas and that they respect human rights , if it <unk> that we are unable to meet these demands in our own countries ?
And I shall not conclude , Mr President , without underlining the responsibilities of third countries that a share a border with the Union , which must abide by the agreements on this subject that they have signed with the Member States .
I am sure that will be the case in Macao as well .
Are we going to wait until all of the populations have been <unk> before we <unk> for them ?
<unk> of the different stages of the electoral process - registration , nomination , polling , counting and appeals - are crucial .
Madam President , Mr Patten &apos;s intervention was very intelligent and demonstrated his ability and knowledge .
There is no doubt that our original proposal was not particularly precise , but the reason for that is that Parliament does not have the research resources needed to present a precise proposal .
It is not a question and therefore , unless the President-in-Office of the Council wishes to make any comment , we can end this Question Time by stating , in accordance with the Rules of Procedure , that since the time allotted to Questions to the Council has elapsed , Questions Nos 24 to 27 will be replied to in writing .
I believe in the freedom of all Members to make their own decisions , regardless of whether the vote is open or in secret .
The Commission is aware that , unfortunately , this proposal arrives too late to achieve first reading in this Parliament .
I am sure that all the members of the Bureau will have taken note of your comments .
I also want to ask for colleagues &apos; support when our Group supports Amendment No 3 , together with the corresponding amendment from Mr Lehne &apos; s opinion as delivered to the committee responsible .
This applies in the case of environmental responsibility .
The citizens of the European Union are aware of this , and this is why they know better than politicians what is good for them .
On agriculture , of course , we need a complete end to export dumping , as well as support to African countries , to enable them to protect their agriculture up to the point of <unk> .
I would hope to see such legislation coming forward from the Commission .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we need to invest heavily in prevention , information and education .
However , all of us , and the EU institutions in particular , need to recognise that the plutonium being sent across the seas to Japan from both <unk> in the UK and La Hague in France is directly usable in nuclear explosive devices .
The area of non-conventional medicine , and the possible regulation , via EU legislation , of freedom of establishment for practitioners of such medicine is a subject where Europe needs to proceed with great care .
I have checked with the researchers who supplied these figures whether this is correct .
Should the circumstances take a dramatic and unpredictable turn within the next couple of years , the Commission can always consider submitting a fresh proposal .
The second point is the need to improve conditions in the workplace .
I cannot extend every Member &apos;s speaking time by half , or we will not sleep tonight .
Commissioner , I would first like to thank your staff : Mrs <unk> was outstanding , as was Mr Trojan .
We are , as the Commissioner said , facing a reduction in consumer confidence with regard to <unk> meat .
All the suggestions of our Parliament were accepted by the European Commission - thanks to Commissioner Flynn .
– I listened very carefully to Mr <unk> ’ s answer , but among the points he raised there is one I should like to focus on , namely the fact that this persecution is not only against <unk> but also against other <unk> .
It is unacceptable , first and foremost , that job cuts are not being made on a voluntary basis and that all those who so desire cannot benefit from being released from their duties .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .
This is why I believe that , until further studies have been carried out and the facts have been observed further , as Mr Whitehead said , we must abide by the recommendations made by Mr <unk> .
The shadow hanging over the success of Luxembourg comes from Turkey .
Unfortunately , I see no good will on the part of the Commission , and our committee has incorporated most of the services listed in Annex <unk> into the expanded Annex <unk> so that the reduced rates will continue to apply if the Member State so wishes .
Their work is invaluable , but we too have a responsibility in this context .
So , this small country is very significant for regional security .
It is happening so fast that from the consumers &apos; point of view , they really do not care too much whether they make their telephone call from a fixed point or a mobile , as long as they get through efficiently and cheaply and can make their calls .
.
But an improvement also means an increase in costs , for you never get something for nothing .
.
Madam President , the Union for a Europe of Nations Group did not endorse the European Parliament resolution on the preparation for the 2000 Nice European Council , since it is inspired totally by the desire to strengthen supranational institutions by applying uniform rules to all Member States .
You mentioned the second question earlier : what are the foreseeable effects of the n + 2 rule and what measures should be implemented to simplify it in the future cohesion policy after 2006 ?
That has something to do with legal certainty .
We will soon have to come back and codify and simplify the various interinstitutional agreements that we have into a single , clear , <unk> text .
Unfortunately , however , Article 2 of the agreement to which I have referred makes no mention of the principle of caution .
We expect a continuation of this growth trend in the coming quarters .
In fact , the UK is even granting active military support .
The European Investment Fund , in fact , allows financial institutions to subscribe to 30 % of its capital .
In recent years most proposals have served mainly employers &apos; interests .
I refer to Amendment No 3 - which may be a surprise , for strictly formal and technical reasons but not for political reasons ( as this is non-compulsory expenditure the Commission and in particular this Commissioner will be very satisfied if Parliament manages to attain its objective of 50 million <unk> ) as well as the other amendments which cannot be accepted by us , namely Amendments Nos 20 , 24 , 27 , 28 , 29 , 33 , 35 , 36 , 38 , 39 , 40 , 45 , 46 , 47 and 49 .
For instance , we shall show that the need for clear rules can be made compatible with recognition of the fact that the Pact &apos;s rules apply to different countries in different situations as regards levels of debt , financial burdens arising from the ageing of the population and the urgent public investment requirements .
This is often reflected in constituency cases .
Savary report ( <unk> / 2000 ) The debate is closed .
That is the principle of win-win immigration , controlled and managed jointly .
It may also be worth Parliament &apos;s knowing that , among those who say &apos;no &apos; , are quite a few ministers in the Swedish Government , including the minister for trade and industry , <unk> <unk> , at least two former presidents of the Swedish Central Bank and a long list of highly regarded economists , who all believe that Sweden should vote &apos;no &apos; .
I voted in favour .
The four measures announced on 5 June 2003 were symbolic and political in nature and therefore their implementation concerns only the governments of the European Union Member States and their officials .
They will bear the brunt of enlargement for us all .
This will not be achieved without working with the EU citizens who are most interested and <unk> about public health .
It benefits the environment , enabling us to meet our Kyoto targets faster and more cheaply , and it benefits the consumer , because he <unk> on his electricity and energy bills .
Allow me therefore , in conclusion , to cast a glance at the future .
At the same time , some quite encouraging new developments are also <unk> in the <unk> areas of Bosnia-Herzegovina .
For as long as arms remain <unk> , States and businesses will always deny responsibility for them .
That will only be possible if data retention is provided for as an instrument under the first pillar , so as to ensure the protection of personal data .
I hope that the Council will join with the United Kingdom in seeking referral of the question of abolition of <unk> to the International Court of Justice .
That is yet another reason why we ourselves should measure our words carefully .
I believe we should discuss our ideas on a future European directive and European company statute in detail and without pressure of time .
You said you want a strong and independent Commission , that you want to lead , but that you want to work on proposals as a team , and that is what we want .
The debate is closed .
The World Digital Solidarity Fund is clearly insufficient , given its voluntary nature , and we must therefore mobilise more financial resources , whether they be development , structural or other new resources .
I can confirm that Louis Michel intends to continue supporting and also funding projects concerning socio-economic sectors , medical assistance and the role of organisations on the ground .
At the beginning of next year , the Commission will point the way to <unk> the negotiations by presenting a proposal for a financial offer for the accession of Bulgaria and Romania .
We were <unk> with the usual stories .
If this is taken into account , the Vienna Summit can succeed .
Firstly , as regards the question of employment , we regard this as very important , and we have made preparations , as I said in my speech , to ensure that history &apos; s first Summit conference on employment is a real success during Portugal &apos; s presidential term .
( Applause ) ... those subtle filters who make it possible for us to talk with one another , notwithstanding the fact that we speak 11 different languages , and even sometimes to understand one another ; our <unk> , the Presidents , to whom , furthermore , an apology is due from some of us <unk> , myself included , because very often when we take the Chair we <unk> their extraordinarily good work .
The vote on the second reading of the 1997 budget leads me to conclude that we can only have an efficient and satisfactory budget procedure if two conditions are met .
As its traditional export markets in the former Warsaw Pact countries were lost , Slovenia managed to turn its attention to the West .
We shall therefore vote against the Greens ’ amendments .
It should be made easier to establish new companies .
We must let the market decide what the future of the airline industry shall be .
The next item is the joint debate on the following reports : As I have said , the Commission and , specifically , Mr Van Miert , consulted formally with all of the Member States concerning the shape of this proposal and , of course , there were informal consultations with a number of <unk> concerns .
Mr Falconer , you were here yesterday .
Those countries which have best managed their resources are those which have respected historical rights from the past - and give their fishermen hope for the future .
The Maastricht Treaty must at long last be implemented in economic and employment policy as well .
May I commend the report to the House .
They would affect , for example , the <unk> of <unk> <unk> in the Azores .
We must support democracy but without <unk> the country .
A <unk> network of <unk> &apos; information points must be able to deploy forces in a targeted and effective manner .
These alone bear witness to a wealth of exciting ideas , the convergence of policies to combat unemployment constructed around common guidelines , and joint mobilization with social partners .
There are still some points that need to be clarified , particularly with regard to tractors , but I remain optimistic and I hope that the problems will be resolved by the effective implementation of this directive .
I understand Commissioner Monti is going to reply today .
There is one drop of <unk> for me in the fact that the Council could not bring itself to adopt the agreement as a Community agreement .
Allow me to repeat that one of the advantages of the partnership agreement with Turkey is that it provides the opportunity to carefully monitor the situation in the country .
Not promises of <unk> spending from Member States with no will to deliver it .
I believe that through conciliation we have achieved a compromise , which indicates that both the codecision procedure works well and that Parliament has demonstrated its strength .
The consumer has every right to be informed of any risks inherent in the new technology of genetic manipulation .
I hope that the forthcoming presidencies , starting with Germany , which receives a large proportion of the immigrants <unk> through from the southern borders , will tackle the issue firmly and achieve a consensus on this subject , which closely affects all Europeans as well as the Union ’ s delicate social balance .
Amendments Nos 1 and 6 are a useful <unk> that checks must be carried out by expert officials of the Commission or the Member States .
Where Croatia was concerned , that was long overdue , but , as regards Turkey , let me – as one who has always argued in favour of negotiations being commenced with that country – make something clear : as Mr Schulz has already said , our expectation of Turkey is that it should actually discharge all those obligations to which it has committed itself , and that includes the recognition of Cyprus and the opening of harbours and airports .
But let me give the honourable Member one example of how we can overcome the difficulties that she has identified .
Whilst the Commission ’ s delegations appreciate the instrument ’ s flexibility , the lack of transparency and assessment cause me to conclude that its flexibility is excessive .
We are faced with a very grave crisis situation in the Middle East .
There are , in particular , three very important points with which the Commission &apos; s communication has not dealt particularly thoroughly .
All of this reinforces the idea that it is of vital , pressing importance to adopt a legal instrument that ensures personal data protection outside the first pillar .
Even then , two areas of the legislation have involved us having to go through a second reading and the conciliation procedure .
Not so much a point of order , Mr President .
Please stick to the issue .
If we want this round to truly deliver its development potential , then that needs to be taken into account .
All subsequent content stems from this positive principle and we welcome this , not least the extension of the original plans to cover not only those with limited mobility but also people with physical or mental disabilities , something that deserves to be highlighted .
The question is , who should administer such a fund and how it could be subjected to democratic spot checks ?
We are therefore delighted that , at their meeting of 30 January , the EU justice and home affairs ministers invited their counterparts from the candidate countries to sign &quot; <unk> &apos; pacts on combating organized crime .
It was not the case and hence I did not object .
We have developed both <unk> and formally a considerable dialogue with aspects of the legislative process in the US , but as a parliamentary process it remains <unk> .
We hear a lot of talk about a certain percentage of the total costs of building a road or railway line .
Mr President , I would like to start by thanking the rapporteur , Mrs <unk> , firstly because she showed a great deal of flexibility in meetings of the Committee , including taking on board a series of proposals by the European People &apos;s Party , and secondly because this has meant that her very good report on the Common Position on the framework directive for minimum standards in national employee information and consultation points in the right direction .
Lastly , Mr President , I would like to remind the House that , in response to a proposal from my colleague , Commissioner Bolkestein , the Commission , on 7 March 2002 , adopted a proposal for a directive on the recognition of professional qualifications , the main aim of which , in view of the decisions of the Lisbon European Council , is to consolidate the 15 existing directives in this area and to increase the mobility of skills .
The proposal for which we have voted would , on paper , mean a reduction of Danish artists &apos; financial conditions .
It always used to be the case in Europe that Sunday and not Friday was a day of rest .
Culture surely has a huge role to play in this respect .
In December 1995 the presidency made representations to the Indonesian Government with regard to the sentences imposed on journalists .
I am old enough and experienced enough in political life to recognise the difference between a standing <unk> and a <unk> , or a <unk> <unk> as the Americans would call it , and I do not wish to sit through another debate about a subject as important as this and hear it dominated by <unk> criticisms .
<unk> checks are necessary .
Great importance also attaches to the completion of the trans-European energy networks .
As far as openness is concerned , a lot still has to be asked of African leaders in terms of breaking through traditional African <unk> , particularly with regard to speaking out about the dangers of <unk> sex .
To date , however , the EU has only partly been a political entity and therefore the introduction of a common currency at a time when there is still a political and democratic deficit in the Community will create a field of tension , the dynamic of which will radically change the current status quo in the not too distant future It is a productive factor .
However , the solid foundations which have been laid by the <unk> should help the ECB and the European System of Central Banks to develop into a credible and powerful institution which will pursue its primary objective of maintaining price stability in the euro area in a determined manner .
<unk> , more redundancies , to reduce the cost of labour and become more competitive : that is the sole recipe of the European single market and single currency .
His comments were wholly <unk> and an incitement to hatred and if the German criminal legal system wishes to pursue the matter , the European Parliament should not stand in its way .
The Funds should be much more focused on human problems , such as training , technical support , redeployment , the role of women , assistance in the event of socio-economic crises , improved knowledge of environments and ways of preserving and restoring them , etc .
The only way to get out of your endless Basque nightmare is a simple one : just wake up .
The US navy has carried out an evaluation of the effects of the system on the environment , but reputable American environmental organisations regard it as flawed .
This results from three basic problems , which we raise year after year and to which no satisfactory solution has been found to date .
It has been a relative shock to our political leaders to find we must now take a share of the refugees that have been coming into the European Union for a long time .
The report was adopted in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development by a good majority and with only two votes against .
Parliament &apos;s Amendment No 4 to the first subparagraph of Article 3 ( 1 ) states that <unk> Member State may , in so far as such offences are committed within the same family , make their prosecution subject to a complaint lodged by the injured party &apos; <unk> offences &apos; meaning fraud in this instance .
The challenge of the proposal is to build a legal instrument that will be efficient in delivering the necessary energy transmission infrastructure , while developing the appropriate cooperation with the private sector and the Member States .
( Parliament approved the Commission proposal as amended ) The first is Amendment No 66 by the Group of the European People &apos;s Party .
Of course , it is easy to stir up scandal about particular issues in order to try to grab the attention of the public , which is often ill informed about politics and the European institutions .
Promoting heating and <unk> from renewable energy will contribute to a number of important objectives : it will reduce our external energy dependency , it will reduce greenhouse gas emissions and it will create a European industry and promote local employment .
I would now like to make some comments on the report and on the amendments to the proposed directive that are under discussion today .
It would be improper for us to reveal cases which we are looking into on our own initiative and there are very good reasons therefore to stick to our policy .
We are a supranational Community .
Even if he is observing the constitution , in political terms his actions are unacceptable .
In fact , however , the proposal seeks to resolve the ‘ disadvantage ’ in taxation between multinational groups and national groups , thereby responding to requests from the ‘ business community ’ .
It is <unk> dishonest .
The budget ’ s priorities must be changed so that less money is invested in agricultural aid .
I know how technical the issue is , and what is at stake , but I do regret the fact that the procedures are so cumbersome and the texts so <unk> , just ten months away from what will be nothing short of an economic and psychological revolution .
It seems to be a waste of resources when the industry should be using it to cut back .
Even the Swiss , who have the reputation of being relatively <unk> , redistribute 15 % of their GDP through the Confederal budget .
That is all I have to say .
.
If we were to <unk> all data on asylum applicants as soon as they were granted any kind of legal status , <unk> would no longer cover situations where an asylum applicant is granted permission to remain in some other capacity for a short time and , at the end of this period , moves to another Member State and claims asylum there .
Russia will be key here and I welcome the recent summit which aims to develop our relations with the strategic partner country through a series of four common <unk> .
In 2003 , 100 % of the payments , as well as 100 % of commitments , were used .
‘ even ’ .
Instead , those concerned should be given a chance to complete their on-going structural adjustments as quickly as possible .
Thus , in my opinion , when analysing stability , employment or unemployment is systematically underestimated as a factor in it or as a hindrance to it .
In the meantime I want the Commission to end their line of argument because , I am sorry , but their arguments are just not right .
For this I thank all of the rapporteurs .
We intend to honour it well .
It is this interinstitutional agreement which restricts us , but which has also opened up additional opportunities for us ; I shall come back to this .
It is Belgian farmers and Belgian consumers who have been the ones to suffer .
The question is whether we want a Europe that is not only enlarged , but also united , which requires a certain amount of political solidarity .
Marinho : 189 In parallel , the Commission encourages the use of vessel protection systems which allows identification of the presence of vessels with <unk> systems through a satellite image .
A last word about the hearings .
I have a supplementary question concerning the Commission &apos; s Information Office in Stockholm and its former head , <unk> <unk> .
In European Parliament and Council Regulation ( EC ) No 1049 / 2001 of 30 May 2001 regarding public access to European Parliament , Council and Commission documents , we have a specific set of rules whose Article 4 addresses the need for secrecy .
Mr President , the <unk> and panic which terrorism spreads is the same regardless of whether the <unk> is a <unk> <unk> in Washington or large-scale networks such as <unk> .
It is a pleasure to have a <unk> in the chair for this evening ’ s sitting .
This is particularly true as regards recent developments in common foreign and security policy as a result of the Feira European Council and with a view to the one in Nice .
It will be for the future to show whether the EUR 17 million will be enough , after we proposed far in excess of EUR 20 million .
There are also <unk> proposals for a straight cut in the agricultural budget .
The fact is that the situation there is getting worse and the European Union &apos;s actions to date have clearly been ineffective .
It is time to shift the focus from who we are and where we have come from to where we want to go .
The Member State then has five days in which either to set out the action it will be taking or to submit reasons why it does not consider that there is an obstacle .
We agree on that as well .
I understand the appeal made in this House but must point out that this is not a direct responsibility of this European Council .
As such , we are thus not asking for a new treaty , but for some attention .
This is a terrible shame , especially when the issue is the protection of universal service in such an important sector which is undergoing such important changes .
His approach may , from time to time , be a little on the traditional side for my taste , but I am full of admiration for him .
What is at stake here is whether it makes sense for the Member States to have the right of initiative in these areas of competence .
You see , Belgrade can be bombed , but not Moscow , Beijing or Ankara .
Indeed , in 1994 the report commissioned by the European Commission which looked at this whole area of junior doctors in training highlighted seven points which need immediate action : the excessive hours of work in some countries ; the question of on-call duties ; unrealistic <unk> periods ; protracted periods of continuous duty ; the distribution of duties between junior doctors and senior doctors ; informal pressures on doctors in training ; the <unk> of breaks and time off in the face of the pressure of service needed .
Madam President , we had tabled two resolutions .
I want however to respond slightly differently to two of the arguments which have been put and which you will understand .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we all drew a <unk> of relief when the Ottawa conference showed that a moratorium was being set up to prevent the spread of landmines .
The European Union has set the target of increasing the share of renewable energies from 6 % to 12 % by the year 2010 , but the financial resources must be found for this and , today , we are a long way off , to judge by the latest discussion in the Conciliation Committee .
Economic and monetary union is a <unk> , high-risk project with a weak democratic basis .
I think I should , nevertheless , offer some explanation regarding the few amendments which the Commission feels unable to accept .
Mr President , the Luxembourg presidency has <unk> .
The most important of these is the regular checking and reporting by the International Monetary Fund on the austerity budget agreed by the Palestinian Authority .
It has led to the admission of more political parties and has , in any event , resulted in a step forward in the freedom of the press .
Our water system requires expenditure to the tune of hundreds of millions .
I believe that it is very important that we listen to the Belgian Prime Minister on such a crucial issue .
<unk> consumer confidence is a key component in <unk> the possibilities that the internal market offers them .
<unk> , of course , are often focal points of economic development , but many of them are not designed and equipped for <unk> operations .
Barón Crespo report And furthermore the Commissioner has not quoted from his <unk> this time .
That concludes the vote .
The Middle East is a very volatile part of the world .
I should , however , like to draw your attention to a number of specific points and , firstly , the existence of a third transmission route which is now practically certain .
When it comes to its main domestic support programme , its counter <unk> payments , those remain <unk> by the proposals that the United States has tabled .
Allow me to address a second issue , one on which I also ask for the support of Members from the other groups .
I also believe that through currency stability the euro is good for growth and employment in the EU , particularly in the euro countries .
This is the case for my region in France , the <unk> , which has already been affected , over recent years , by restructuring and <unk> and where this sector is the <unk> industrial employer , still providing work for more than 30 000 employees .
I wished to point this out in my Amendment No 6 , which was adopted within the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy .
The European Union puts huge resources and effort into keeping out so-called illegal immigrants , yet it cannot stop the illegal import of <unk> .
The need now is to encourage the United Kingdom to pursue the eradication of BSE , and continue to show due solidarity towards this country which is so heavily committed to the reconstruction of the entire sector .
However , we also have to see what can be done with the money in our World Bank Trust Fund .
If Turkey is eventually to accede , it will probably take thirty years of negotiations <unk> with many <unk> .
As I said to the Committee on Foreign Affairs on 3 April , the Commission will report on developments until the end of April , so the <unk> date is 30 April , the end of this week .
I therefore believe that we firstly need to pay attention to prevention and bring about the situation in which those who are actually causing the pollution and using natural resources pay for their actions , which has not been the case hitherto .
It rejected the advice from its technical services and decided on 5 % .
Mr President , I should like , in a <unk> way , to respond to and summarise what I think is the message from today ’ s debate concerning innovation , funding , risks , ethics and the regulatory framework .
The work on equality within the EU has taken a major step forwards .
Thirdly , there is the question of whether or not the unit price should be indicated for <unk> .
Yet that solidarity was neither the result of a sudden act of faith nor the expression of blind confidence in the two negotiators , whatever the qualities that you have emphasised .
For example , Ireland and Britain have common law systems in operation , but many other European Union states have a civil law structure .
At this point I would like to announce to the rapporteur some <unk> , good proposals from my party , <unk> which on this occasion do not produce any CO2 .
A broad approach is required in this connection , with the emphasis on combating the underlying factors that can form a <unk> for extremism and intolerance .
The autonomy of the European Parliament is at stake !
On behalf of my group I also call on the Commissioner to implement this Parliament &apos;s resolutions on the trade <unk> with the United States .
I have no doubt that all the <unk> are good at present , though a great deal still remains to be done .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , I would remind us all of what we have promised , and of the great expectations aroused by Europe &apos;s undertaking to introduce freedom of movement for persons by 1 January 1993 ; it is now July 1996 , and this free movement of persons has still not come about .
With regard to CO2 wells I would like to point out the danger that we might <unk> in our accounting for CO2 wells in , for example , the ocean .
We assert our right to develop and continue developing our own food culture , and it does not include hormones .
President-in-Office , I would like to join Mr McCartin in extending a very warm welcome to you .
( Parliament approved the Commission proposal ) The Danish Social Democrats in the European Parliament oppose in principle any harmonization of duties and taxes , since this would undermine the financial basis of the Danish Welfare State .
<unk> for particular nutritional uses Please support the Corbett report .
It is only by ensuring respect for those values by all parties that real progress can be achieved .
This amount would be ECU 130 million over five years , as opposed to ECU 114 million from 1999 onwards set out in the original proposals .
On 30 June , in the Congolese capital , Kinshasa , people who had responded to opposition parties ’ calls for peaceful demonstrations against the <unk> of elections were attacked by soldiers and police .
I do not by any means wish to allow the current British and Spanish Heads of Government to <unk> the offensive position with regard to the information revolution .
I would in principle have been in favour of the Statute for Members , but I find it unacceptable that we have not succeeded in introducing a proper scheme for travel costs or in aligning the <unk> age with that which is customary in the Member States .
The fact is that there is not one single <unk> vessel that possesses the loading gear that would enable its own crew to load or <unk> <unk> .
Nor shall we succeed , however , if we do not appreciate that enlargement should , first and foremost , be for the benefit not only of a few people but of all people in the candidate countries , or in any case the majority of them .
Does the Commission intend to establish the means to protect its economic policy , to counter the disadvantages to which European industry is exposed by the Echelon system ?
I am talking more precisely , however , about the absence of legitimacy of the European Union and I must say that this is not meant as personal criticism or criticism of the quality of the very idea of having a single negotiator , even if it does have a mandate , to replace all of our old nations , the United Kingdom , France , Germany , <unk> , Italy , which have , since the early middle ages , expanded on the <unk> of this international trade , which is now global .
When talking about climate change , we have rightly referred to the greenhouse effect and the state of the atmosphere .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , since the end of the Cold War we have seen a resurgence of terrorism , associated in particular with the intensification of regional , religious and ethnic conflict .
So this was a kind of <unk> act , an act which was necessary .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a. m . In other words , the candidate countries must ensure that the acquis on equal opportunities for men and women is applied fully and effectively before they accede .
Overall , given the wide variety of agricultural products , this is quite a complex question , and any evaluation of an individual product calls for a separate analysis .
Some of the Members of this Parliament are unwilling to use the word <unk> &apos; at all : they are afraid of frightening the citizens .
( The President cut the speaker off ) <unk> needs to be worked on .
I hope that the European Union will stand firm and say that there is a moral issue here , an issue of obligation and responsibility to our traditional suppliers in the Caribbean in particular .
In order to ensure that the Darfur Peace Agreement is viable and that it can be implemented , the groups that have not signed up to the pact need to be included in the peace process .
A yes vote , with all the concerns but which operates in the new environment of the European Union , opens a window to the future and to hope .
The mood among the Ukrainian public is not one of expectancy that revolutionary changes will occur .
It is a matter of fact that these countries ’ dictators constitute an obstacle to their economic development .
<unk> regulations detrimental to quality production , such as <unk> <unk> regulations or second premiums for <unk> male cattle , must receive urgent amendment .
Without going into the details of the reports , which Commissioner Verheugen will be describing in a few moments , I can tell you that progress has been made in virtually all the chapters making up the accession process .
Let me mention briefly the individual amendments .
But no more !
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , Mr President , Lebanon is in the process of writing a new page in its history , and against that background we need not only to be vigilant , but also to play an active political role .
Syria must use its influence to put an end to the Hizbollah action .
But we are especially concerned about what has not been achieved .
<unk> unemployment is devastating Europe .
<unk> mind an <unk> from a doctor on duty for 16 or 18 hours as another speaker mentioned .
<unk> can have serious consequences where pharmaceutical products , toys and automobile spare parts are concerned , and that is why the Commission has decided to tackle this problem and propose a number of solutions for bringing about an improvement in the current situation .
First , I will consider the derogations , that is , Amendments Nos 16 , 17 and 22 .
I will mention just three of them .
I therefore say that creating more jobs in Europe will depend largely on what happens in the regions .
How does the Council - and , what is more , the Commission - plan to exert its influence to reform and improve the regime that is being enforced against the Kurds ?
Right now too we are introducing more major areas of policy for the future .
We also want to ensure that multinationals do not dominate in our EU markets .
First of all , everyone realises - and this became clear during the discussion - that we need this proposal because market mechanisms alone cannot produce useful results in the cases we are dealing with here , the so-called orphan drugs .
In other areas , trials fail not out of lack of interest on the part of national public prosecutors , as is the case with the financial protection of the European Union , but mostly as a result of language barriers and legal problems .
We tried to put an end to it as best we could with the means available to the countries of the European Union and to NATO members .
Report ( <unk> / 2003 ) by Hans <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy , on the proposal for a Council directive on <unk> Council Directives 68 / <unk> / EEC and 98 / 93 / EC imposing an obligation on Member States of the EEC to maintain minimum stocks of crude oil and / or <unk> products , and Council Directive 73 / 238 / EEC on measures to <unk> the effects of difficulties in the supply of crude oil and <unk> products ( COM ( 2002 ) <unk> - <unk> / 2002 - 2002 / <unk> ( CNS ) ) We wish him every success in his career and in his new political endeavours .
Sweden , for example , has played an important role in the UN as a bridge <unk> between poor and rich countries , as a <unk> and as a promoter of disarmament .
I can tell you that I myself am by no means any such thing , and I can say this after having tried on many occasions to get things moving in South Africa .
One of the sectors of the European Union with a high percentage of CO2 emissions is the construction sector , and technological decisions in the construction sector have a long-term effect on the emission rates of all our Member States .
Commissioner , I believe the political agreement makes good many of the shortcomings identified in current provisions .
I have signed the written declaration here in Parliament calling for such restrictions to be lifted .
Europe is still heavily armed , and if it wishes to protect itself against organized crime or arms smuggling , it needs not military forces , but police forces to do so .
The fleet must therefore use increasingly selective fishing gear .
They already existed in ancient times : they had them in Roman times , although on a smaller scale .
We have heard that the Council has slashed payments for the Structural Funds in particular .
This was recognised in the nature of the aid programmes which we financed at that time and which had a strong focus on the provision of health care , education and employment creation for women .
Fifthly , make Europe more secure and stronger on the world stage , with the common foreign and security policy , the common defence policy , a common asylum and immigration policy , and a stronger United Nations .
Thus the Commission still prefers the red list procedure , whereby the shipment can proceed after express written consent .
If we include the expected supplementary budget , it comes out at nearly 8 % , while other areas , such as training policy , the whole of internal policy - including research - , foreign policy , administration and accession aid have together only risen by 1.1 % .
The Liberal Group says that we should stop this <unk> , strike a positive note for conservation globally and the Commission &apos;s message to us as Member States should also be taken globally .
The approach he has adopted is entirely consistent with our concerns .
I am sorry that Mr Nassauer is not with us now .
Clearly , we face a situation where there are push factors in countries of origin and pull factors in our own countries .
In its internal operation , the Commission will be guided by complete compliance with the principle of collective accountability .
We are living through one of the darkest days of the European Parliament .
The European Commission &apos;s proposals are very negative and threaten , once again , to favour only the interests of the major multinationals that control the European market for <unk> &apos; bananas and often practise <unk> &apos; policies .
It is for the Council , the Council of Heads of State and Government in 2006 , based on the proposals we make , and whilst we are on this subject I would like to say , as I could have said later to Mr Nogueira <unk> , Mr Walter , Mr Mastorakis and Mr Pittella , who talked about the aims and values of the EU as set out in this cohesion policy , I would like to say to you , ladies and gentlemen , that in 2006 we will only make the right financial decisions if we first have a true and worthwhile political debate and if , naturally , within the framework of this debate and after this debate , the Commission , playing its proper role , puts forward proposals that are courageous and strong <unk> .
The object is naturally to enable the different systems to operate better and to <unk> better by means of this knowledge and , therefore , to allow the market to operate in a more satisfactory manner and the taxation systems to produce a more balanced and more satisfactory revenue for the States , contributing towards the battle against fraud and evasion .
– Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , my first remarks are addressed to an absent colleague , which I am sure is due to his <unk> schedule .
They are based entirely on exaggerated fears or cold political calculations with the next elections to national parliaments in mind .
Which sections of the population will be hit hardest as a result ?
In other sectors , it may be sufficient to clarify the current regulations in interpreting documents or <unk> .
They can also take an economic and social role in companies or associations .
We can send a clear message to Seattle that this is the single contribution that this House and its Members can make to world global trade .
The concern is that today , instead of what was promised , we have 20 million people unemployed and around 70 million people at risk of poverty .
These four priorities already correspond to the main objectives of the <unk> for 2020 .
Sport forms a whole .
I shall leave it to my colleagues in my Group to develop our comments on the conditions and budgetary consequences of enlargement .
However , as long as the OIE has concerns about exporting such animals for the food chain , we have to get in line .
Secondly , we wanted to strengthen the independence of the <unk> Panel and place the emphasis on quality , in particular at the level of cultural expertise .
I hope that this could persuade the committees not to have the meetings declared closed unnecessarily .
Mr <unk> , you and other speakers this evening have raised this issue , and the President-in-Office will underline this once more in a moment : in the debate about the legal basis - in other words , when do we refer to a disaster , when will assistance be provided , and what conditions will apply - the President-in-Office has agreed that there will be a conciliation procedure in due course here too .
In the first place , the region affected is one of the richest in historic and artistic wealth , at both Italian and European level .
They can be used as <unk> to <unk> a regime which has gained power via unlawful means .
We voted against this report because we do not see why we should spend European taxpayers &apos; money on training officials so as to impose a uniform tax system that is one of the most inequitable in existence .
When the single currency is introduced in the form of the euro and monetary policy is the same in all countries , those countries will be subjected to an enormous amount of pressure to cut pensions .
What I would <unk> against - and here I should like to end my comments on the resolution introduced by Mrs Randzio-Plath - is the adoption of a resolution today which you know in advance is politically <unk> by the Member States .
It is indispensable : self-regulation , yes , but matched by evaluation .
<unk> to these exciting developments is the emergence of a <unk> proposal to establish a force of <unk> by 2003 to cover all Petersberg <unk> on a permanent basis .
Now that means that the Convention must look to that question as well , and improving governance in Europe must , as the Commission has said , look closely at the proper involvement of regional and local authorities .
I know that Mr Barnier always attached great importance to the task of looking after the outermost regions , and I can guarantee that they will continue to receive the same level of attention .
I believe that our Committee on Human Rights should concern itself with this situation and should call upon our governments to take action in this matter , because solitary confinement is a barbarity .
If you ask industry what economic conditions it needs in order to take on another worker , it will say that , firstly , it wants low interest rates so that it can <unk> to invest .
I therefore call on Members to vote in favour of this amendment .
During the consultation in July , Parliament declared that the growth rate for the global appropriations for payments should be kept as low as possible .
Mr Patten has the floor on behalf of the Commission .
There is no other option : the Member States have that right and obligation , and we respect that right and demand compliance with that obligation .
As has already been stated here on several occasions , however , we need to do the opposite of what the stupid rules of the Stability Pact call for , which is forcing a reduction in public investment , leading to the State having no responsibility in the fields of health and education and making it difficult to use the Structural Funds correctly in the countries with the weakest economies .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Morillon has made a comment under Recital D in his report which should , I think , play an important role in this debate .
It has already raised it with the Lebanese government on several occasions ; one such occasion was an approach to the Lebanese authorities on 22 December expressing the European Union ’ s concern about the charges brought against Mr <unk> .
Despite Rambouillet and despite the agreement reached in October last year between Mr <unk> and Milosevic , Serb soldiers have , in the meantime , moved into Kosovo and are creating a <unk> which has to be run to cross over into Macedonia and Albania .
They involve young people from socially disadvantaged families , often with migrant <unk> and with learning difficulties , in their clubs and they thus prevent the young people from slipping away and losing their way in society .
In June 1997 , the Commission presented us with two proposals to simplify the 1991 regulation , with the aim of reducing the obligations for firms , and particularly SMEs , in terms of tax returns , and to reduce costs for those liable to pay tax .
The idea of organising a joint <unk> working party to establish a code of institutional behaviour in the framework of the existing rules is a path I think we should explore .
And it is right to do so , for where are the rights of those without work , a livelihood or a roof over their heads ?
My group wants to see the regulation abolished or at least modified so that everyone is placed on an equal footing when they , for example , carry out a cross-border activity for the purpose of disseminating information .
Indeed , the Stability Pact applies just as much across the borders of the region .
<unk> rules must be applied scrupulously and the arbitrary treatment of all prisoners must stop .
From the joint motion for a resolution , I would like to highlight some of the proposals - please excuse any repetition - which I believe the European Commission should take note of if it wants to reduce noise pollution : a global and integrated framework for reducing noise pollution which should lead to a framework directive with concrete and binding measures ; the uniform application of those measures in all Member States so that there are no distortions ; a Community framework for the classification of noise which will allow measures to be taken with the rigorous allocation of slots and a reduction in flights ; and progress towards the establishment of a common air space , which is not in conflict with local and regional measures .
The Commission will have its first meeting on Saturday .
I visited <unk> in 1997 , and the situation seemed to be far from ideal .
As the representatives of the European citizens , we have repeatedly asked for the necessary powers so that we can exercise the desirable democratic control over Europol .
What is under discussion here is the fact that the Commission communication has acknowledged the positive effect of the 2003 regulation and compliance with it .
Why not consider a tax on imports of live animals ?
Many EU members are actively supporting our efforts for peace on the Peninsula by establishing diplomatic relations with North Korea .
I am convinced , however , that these steps are needed in order to make the EU &apos;s milk sector more competitive .
Mr President , I should also like to begin by thanking the rapporteur for an excellent report .
In such cases we should express our solidarity clearly , and in as <unk> a manner as possible .
This is , perhaps , what makes it even more regrettable that the opposition paper , , has been shut down for a <unk> reason , and the potential opposition candidate , <unk> <unk> , has suffered brutal physical attacks twice within less than a month .
We have now reached a decisive stage as regards criminal law protection of the financial interests of the Community , by which I mean work in the Convention .
And when did our delegation go to China ?
Madam President , I would first like to stress the importance of the Council &apos;s essential absence in contrast to the parliamentary consistency of Commissioner Van den Broek , who continually reminds us of it .
All three Member States <unk> below their respective reference values , and it was therefore not necessary to block the funds .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the present proposal for a regulation is certainly to be welcomed .
This is why we must obviously support the efforts designed to control supply on the basis of market demand .
I think that this could also be a possible solution for a case like <unk> .
I would very much hope to be able to work with the Petitions Committee to improve this .
The Commission does not attempt to balance European policy between urban and rural areas and does not have any vision for a cleaner urban environment .
They have no water , sanitation , energy , medicine , education or reliable shelter .
It therefore seems perfectly fair that those who market foodstuffs in packaging on which nutritional claims are made should be able to justify them .
What <unk> facts , what political <unk> were covered up in the interests of National Security ?
The problem is serious enough as it is , but what is even worse is that it will be repeated next year , no doubt in a more serious form .
London keeps quiet .
I hope those who supported the amendment on liberalisation , who voted against a horizontal directive and voted for the final report will be able to explain to their colleagues in local and regional government why they are not defending more strongly the public services their colleagues have to deliver .
If there are none , they will say that they have intimidated their officials to such an extent that nobody trusts himself or herself any more .
The vote will take place on Tuesday at 12 noon .
There are alarming reports of human rights violations .
Look at it which way you will , sulphur prevents that .
Well , in this situation , what is the significance of suspending the application of the extraterritorial effects of the Helms-Burton Act on Europeans ?
In any case , given the volume of data that would have to be retained , particularly Internet data , it is unlikely that the comprehensive analysis of the data would ever be carried out in time to be of any use .
On the contrary , the <unk> agreement seems to allow for expansion of the plutonium processing industry , which is wholly unsatisfactory .
It is about the fight against terrorism and organised crime .
Nothing but the treaty means that we deplore the <unk> , noted at Dublin , between the aim of the treaty to ban excessive deficits and the now clear <unk> to an aim of systematic balance , even budgetary deficits .
If Zimbabwe &apos;s neighbours exert pressure in their own interest , because they themselves are suffering from the impact of Mr Mugabe &apos;s policies - for example the flow of refugees into neighbouring countries - then we should support them in accommodating refugees , but certainly not now .
<unk> were introduced that have no basis in the working groups or in plenary .
Please keep an eye on this during the vote .
The Commission ’ s proposal puts great emphasis on improving employment and competitiveness .
I would like to draw your attention , however , to the fact that the initiative taken by the Commission following the request from the European Parliament and the Council must be based on the Treaties as they exist at the moment .
Moreover , we need to reform the concept of voice telephony , <unk> it as a matter of urgency to include data communications .
This report gives us an opportunity not only to develop more reasonable , more appropriate , more flexible and more proportionate Rules of Procedure , but also – and this is all to the good – to increase the basic individual rights of each Member .
But we do need a sufficient number of skilled officials to take care of the operation .
After 20 years of the European Capital of Culture programme , we can draw some conclusions , as identified in the <unk> study of August 2004 .
There is no doubt that in that role the position of Ombudsman is absolutely critical .
It is also a question for the groups .
We are not here just to rescue it , we are here to drive it forward and that is what we intend to do over the next 12 months and beyond .
So it took six months to cover the 200 metre distance between the Commission and Parliament !
The consequence of all this is a <unk> of development policies in response to the globalisation of economic and financial markets .
<unk> on the recommendations of the Mombaur report from this House , we drafted a Green Paper on the issue which will soon be presented to this Parliament .
I also know , and I am once again addressing Mrs <unk> when I say this – for Mr <unk> and Mr Maaten have said many things with which I am in total agreement – I also know why the Netherlands has voted in favour of this legislation .
I am sure that I will not be the last person to call for further human resources if that will enable the European Union to shoulder its responsibilities .
If we add to this the - to us obvious - need to continue to uphold the policy of economic and social cohesion between the current Member States , because otherwise enlargement could <unk> exacerbate existing disparities within the Union , it is easy to understand the words spoken on this matter this morning as a warning by the President-in-Office of the Council , <unk> de Miguel .
Amendment No 14 does not tie in with this , however , and I therefore cannot support it .
The scope for such treatment is excessively broad , depriving the concept of differentiation of any real relevance .
This is the time for beginning to devise the next generation of Community programmes and those responsible for that work will largely take your suggestions into account .
However , as the European Parliament , we too can take initiatives by stepping up our efforts .
He notes that the accession negotiations involving twelve new Member States have proved to be the most effective instrument for stabilising the Mediterranean area , together with Central and Eastern Europe .
We cannot fashion <unk> frameworks when we do not even know if the conditions that we have set will be met , nor what the future progress of the economy will be .
Contrary to the rapporteur , I welcome this development , and I would even take it one step further .
Does the Commissioner not share my concern that whereas people who persistently drive with two or three times over the legal limit and who cause death and injury are allowed to continue to drive after quite a short prison sentence , innocent <unk> , <unk> drivers are being prevented from driving now in the UK ?
It would be inconsistent for the <unk> to determine wages ; that is something that the two sides of industry are quite capable of doing , and should be left to them .
We believe in actual fact that it is only right to proceed step by step when it comes to legislation to combat <unk> or discrimination against women , outside the workplace too .
I can confirm my total rejection of the use of violence to achieve political aims .
The texts also state that fishing in Angola represents 3 % of the gross national product and so any effort to support the Angolan fishing industry is to be welcomed .
They already had the <unk> before the Europeans left the Mediterranean .
We have already seen security established largely in southern Iraq .
Until I heard Commissioner Liikanen commenting on recreational craft , I was quite convinced that it was these that would win the debate in the press .
The Union must meet new challenges and exploit new opportunities that lie ahead .
The original report , as submitted by the rapporteur , was critical , yet fair , and we in the Committee on Foreign Affairs have managed to reach sound agreements during our discussions , which means that the report can be improved with many amendments .
I think we should try something new in Parliament today .
Therefore , it is not just a problem of military security at the frontiers .
To those who once again seek to impede - as they tried to do some time ago by calling for a moratorium on research - all <unk> of human knowledge , ban all research and inventions to do with biological material , to them I would simply say that they would be bearing a very heavy responsibility if they were to <unk> all hope of a cure in those for whom gene technology offers the only chance of <unk> a life of disability , even of <unk> death itself .
2 – The necessary adaptation of Community instruments on prevention , research and risk management , civil protection and solidarity ; I am happy that the Council has decided on a common position , a symbolic <unk> embargo on arms , ammunition and military equipment .
That is why the Commission , in search of excellence , has proposed a European institute of technology .
The operation of the previous round of programmes is also very <unk> in telling us what guidelines should not be about .
Mr President , until this current parliamentary term , the standing committees , the interparliamentary delegations and the delegations of the joint parliamentary committees of this House were set up using a uniform procedure : <unk> , at the proposal of the Conference of Presidents , appointed Members , and these , at the <unk> meeting , elected the <unk> for each of these bodies .
And this does not just apply to the Member States , it also applies to some of the statistics published by the European Union itself .
By making its recommendations , Ecofin has set clear political priorities .
Secondly , Mr Prodi devoted practically half of this speech to Eurostat .
We should express our concern about the human rights situation in Transnistria , where people do not have the right to hold democratic elections , where harassment , repression and intimidation of the independent media , human rights defenders , NGOs and opponents to the <unk> regime is common practice .
Mr President , I welcome Mr Maat &apos;s attempt to tackle this very difficult subject .
There is only one truth , and if the embryonic European State that is currently under construction rejects this truth , in so doing going against the beliefs of millions of people all over the world , it will commit a grave error , and the whole <unk> will collapse .
That is not to mention the situation of access to medicines , which are in practice denied to the 30 million people with HIV in Africa .
If that had been done in this case , it would never have got this far .
Since this period , Burundi has <unk> from crisis to crisis , with many thousands of people losing their lives in the process .
As far as early retirement is concerned , we must ensure that the retirement age can be brought up to the statutory retirement age in all countries .
The common position <unk> the same restrictions in defiance of the views of farmers .
.
However , it is necessary for us to ensure that the information society does not become a <unk> sword .
As regards the role of Parliament , within the context of the institutional agreement on the methods of financing the CFSP , whilst we may be delighted to see some progress with regard to the means of parliamentary control over the actions of the Council in this respect , we cannot help but notice that the documents supplied by the Council to date are somewhat short on detail and too <unk> to <unk> any enthusiasm in the more demanding parliamentarians .
I voted against extending the mandate of Mr Fava ’ s committee to continue <unk> so-called ‘ extraordinary <unk> ’ because to date it has produced no substantiated evidence such as would justify its <unk> .
<unk> are currently the fastest growing source of greenhouse gases .
Despite the fact that the acquisition and loss of nationality is the sole responsibility of the Member States , in view of the fact that the Greek Government is seeking the deletion of references to nationality from identity papers contrary to directives 68 / <unk> / EEC and 73 / <unk> / EEC which specifically require the nationality to be indicated : Mr President , Mr President-in-Office , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , in the belief that persistence will get us there in the end , we hope that the discussion today will achieve something .
Nevertheless , it is possible to improve this recognition , as well as the recognition for academic purposes , in other words , to help students continue with their studies .
This requirement has clearly not been met ; this proposal does have financial implications for the Community budget and there has been no suggestion of how to finance it .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should firstly like to refer to Mrs Breyer &apos;s final remarks : it is easy to <unk> in populism in this House by quoting figures which reflect only a part of the truth .
Mrs Oddy , you cannot come back on that again .
I did of course ask whether the number of cattle exported there <unk> any relation to Lebanese consumer <unk> , and the DG Agriculture Policy again confirmed that these figures had of course to be considered in the light of the fact that the Lebanese eat practically no pigmeat and so it was only natural that more beef should be consumed than other varieties of meat .
Europe gives us an ideal opportunity to <unk> this past , to compare it with the experience of others and to cast off once and for all the legacy of the past which should have united us but instead divided us .
The report recommends that the EU set up a separate Community programme in the field of health for the period 2007 – 2013 .
Unfortunately , the country deteriorated into <unk> and the repression of linguistic and religious rights after the election of Lukashenko as president in 1994 .
I appeal to the sense of responsibility of the Member States and the Commission and call on them to carry out the follow-up measures rapidly and to increase the appropriations .
The main objective is to avoid barriers to trade , social and cultural <unk> or regional cooperation , with a view to promoting the development of border regions and facilitating border crossing by <unk> <unk> border residents , and harmonising the rules applied in order to achieve this .
As regards clearing and settlement , we have reached the stage of consultation on the basis of a Commission communication , a stage at which it is premature to say the least to <unk> the Commission , in precise terms , to submit a proposal for a directive , and to tell them what should be in it .
I wish long life to any real , democratic parliament that is close to the people and <unk> peoples together .
I think that the question by my fellow Member , Mr Alavanos , was based on the following argument , which is extremely serious .
In this connection I also believe that special research into the risks is important and , moreover , that we should ensure that the research is independent , i. e. that we do not base our political initiatives on the producers &apos; own research .
In our opinion the European Union will not prevent any Member State from going ahead with reforms on environmental protection even if other Member States feel that it infringes the four aspects of freedom of the internal market .
The enlargement process and the Economic and Monetary Union are not just a matter for the European institutions .
The issue before us is the actual concept of ‘ humane ’ .
I believe that the text shows considerable respect for Christian values : respect for human life and respect for the dignity of human life are , indeed , points of reference on which there has been much work in the Convention .
I have been able to confirm our forecast that growth in Europe would pick up again during this <unk> .
That is our aim .
It is up to the neighbouring countries of Africa and to the African Union to make sure that international standards of democracy <unk> throughout Africa and throughout the country of Zimbabwe .
Where there are concerns about dominance , it is appropriate for a competition authority to look closely at the causes of that dominance .
This is enormously important for the future development of this region , since in the long term it is the only thing that will bring peace to this part of Europe , which has had such a difficult past .
Mr President-designate of the Commission , if we had to choose here and now between your opponents and the reasons they have given and you , we would find ourselves in a <unk> , maybe to the point of abstaining , indeed even to voting for you , as the arguments of the last communists and allies of Milosevic against NATO and our countries and against British <unk> and others are so weak and <unk> .
The World Health Organisation reports that the annual rate of <unk> <unk> cancer among children in the <unk> area of Belarus and the most affected areas in Ukraine exceeds the normal values by almost a hundred times .
This is a liberal formula that we do not accept , either for the new candidate countries or for the European Union as it stands today .
Just as in Northern Ireland , <unk> Sunday created a ready-made recruiting ground for the IRA , the destruction of villages in the <unk> of Turkey and the impact of the state of emergency on civilians have only served to strengthen terrorism .
I believe that this is genuinely a crucial time for Iran and for its government .
In that way , Member States can fall back on the EU &apos;s common position with regard to third countries to prevent unsafe aircraft from being <unk> to airports in neighbouring Member States where such inspections are not carried out .
The intervention prices have been regulated , and the problems we had with beef in Western Africa and in <unk> were actually solved by reducing the intervention support .
During 1998 no maladministration was found in 52 % of the cases in which an inquiry was carried out .
I find little concern for people and the environment in his vision and too much understanding of the requirements of companies involved in capital management .
I might add that I am very pleased that it has been possible to bring the professional associations on board for the comitology procedure .
<unk> also needs to be given to extending the codecision procedure .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , it is very welcome that it looks as if we shall be able to agree at this part-session in Brussels on two issues concerning safety at sea .
Its GNP fell by 58 % between 1991 and 1997 , but it does have substantial natural resources which are likely to make it an important trading partner in the future .
.
<unk> to put the principal blame for our <unk> with employment and wealth creation on currency suggests an <unk> and , if I may say so , fantastic view of things .
The railways represent a tremendous challenge for Europe and for the future .
There is a ban on using genetically modified organisms , and it should remain .
The Environment Committee and Parliament have set a good example in the past as to how we should collectively address the issue of greenhouse gas reductions in the future .
( Applause ) These include the drawing up by the Member States of a definition of services of general interest ; even if these definitions are not identical , they will be comparable , and we do not regard this as violating the principle of subsidiarity .
When I am asked which chapters of enlargement are the most complex , I reply : agriculture , the environment , the Structural Funds and labour mobility issues .
On the 60th anniversary of Auschwitz , it is very important that we remember and honour the Jewish victims and the other national victims , like the Poles , Russians etc . , who died in Auschwitz .
While the armies of the two greatest powers in the world are still <unk> Baghdad <unk> their bombs and forcing the inhabitants of <unk> to die of hunger and <unk> , their major companies are already sharing <unk> contracts , like <unk> squabbling over the <unk> of a country that they are in the process of murdering .
If you wish to take the floor under Rule 145 , you have a maximum of three minutes in which to speak .
What we now read in the Court &apos;s <unk> on pages 308 <unk> .
for example - paints a pretty grim picture of deficits that have been present in the Commission &apos;s <unk> and accounting procedures for years .
During the course of the forthcoming negotiations , these must not be dismantled , nor undermined .
We believe that an approach taking greater account of the big differences in groundwater between one part of the EU and another would have had a more productive effect on the environment .
As well as EMU , we also need a political union to <unk> the one-sided monetarist approach that has led millions of Europeans to associate the euro , even before it is introduced , with social disintegration and job losses .
The situation has now lasted for several years .
Although it is not a question , but a warning for the future , Commissioner Fischler may comment if he so wishes .
<unk> four countries , I will not read the list out to you but we will make sure that the Commissioner and the rapporteur also get a copy of that text .
I believe the close involvement of the new Member States in this programme will also contribute to their participation in the implementation of other objectives with respect to the EU ’ s education policy .
This <unk> undermines the interinstitutional process and shows gross contempt for the European Parliament .
They have removed financial independence from local government in Britain .
In the first instance , justice means respect for the principle of equality , for the principle of non-discrimination , for the equal dignity of each person and for diversity .
Firstly , I would like you to tell me this , please : you have already said that when new figures emerge clearly from the agreement signed between the Greek state and the <unk> , we will be able to make an approach to the Commission with those new figures .
The United States clearly has double standards : they have allowed many others to enter , including <unk> <unk> and Nelson Mandela , with various <unk> .
Mr President , for a long time now , one thing that we have been able to rely on in Austria &apos;s domestic political scene is the Freedom Party and <unk> Haider <unk> their critics - the media in general , individual journalists , other politicians and also individual members of the public - with <unk> .
We will therefore just have one system and not two .
We will not be able to maintain credibility much longer if , alongside reports like Mr Sakellariou &apos;s - reports which use terms like partnership or cooperation - we will find words like <unk> &apos; in speaking of questions relating to agriculture , security or frontiers .
I would just like to remind you once more of the shameful <unk> - since there is not enough money - of SAVE , <unk> and <unk> .
<unk> reports warn of the increasing numbers of people leaving the country as refugees , as well as the existence of practices such as torture , summary executions , arbitrary <unk> and imprisonment in inhuman conditions and without any guarantees of legal defence .
These changes and reforms should improve the quality and performance of our institutions .
<unk> of the IMO rules also provides an overall consistent picture for everyone involved .
I hope that their visit has proved interesting and informative .
It is simple to define the word ‘ free ’ in <unk> terms , but to do so in qualitative terms takes some effort .
Generally , what was achieved at Tampere is founded on our adherence to transparency , and we did not , for example , at the last moment produce any surprises for governments or Parliament .
The Dutch presidency , and the Dutch in general , are well known for knowing their way about water .
There is also <unk> the law on protection of the republic under which criticism of government policy may be a criminal offence .
By protesting at this dictatorship , however , we are looking to denounce the support that it has been given by the French Government , just as many other dictatorships do and have done in the past , in the former colonial empire representing French imperialism in Africa .
To move in the direction of the Lisbon process we must develop further the important role that temporary work can play .
This has led us into the situation which we have witnessed in recent days in Macedonia .
We all remember , as many other speakers have said , that at the time Mrs Çiller tried to obtain agreement to the customs union by arguing that this was the only way to check fundamentalism .
However , if MEPs are not cautious in expressing themselves , they run the risk of being exploited by parties like <unk> .
From next week , and until April , I shall be visiting all of the regions that correspond to the regional organisations .
Neither side has met its commitment under the roadmap for peace .
Last weekend thousands of people demonstrated in Diyarbakir for the opening of accession negotiations .
The equality between men and women which most affects the lives of women and therefore society in general is equality in work .
At the time , Europe was stepping into unknown territory , because there was only very little theoretical research into the effects of emissions trading .
It is a shame the draft resolution <unk> from the premises of the explanatory statement .
You would then understand that I can only reply that the Council took its decision some six years ago now .
I shall deal very briefly with foreign policy , with regard to which I am already able to announce that the Commission is preparing to use this year &apos;s <unk> and Amending Budget No 4 to top up the margin of EUR 70 million , which is still there for foreign policy .
What is holding up an agreement which will bring a fair deal both to South Africa and , of course , to European producers ?
We need to look at what is common to the forms of monitoring we need for system , service and content alike .
I shall not follow that suggestion .
The reason for this is , of course , that a great many pharmaceutical companies see no real profitability in this type of research .
I wonder if Israel will frustrate these efforts , as it has done on previous occasions , with a new deadly assault on Gaza or the West Bank .
<unk> cooperation gives a human dimension to relations between the European Union and the ACP countries , without which it would not achieve its objectives as outlined in Mr Martens excellent report .
But we are also against the deaths of - I believe - thousands of innocent civilians in Afghanistan .
Nevertheless , the overall result is <unk> and .
something must be done .
I would ask the Commissioner not only to enter into consultation with industry very promptly in order to do something about this <unk> protection , possibly by means of self-regulation , I would also ask him to tackle these other problems too .
In this sense , there must be a sharp focus on the issue and actions must be undertaken to further raise awareness in order to prevent the matter <unk> into <unk> .
Several <unk> are therefore proposed in the report : one is that of the undertaking to ratify the agreements that have already been established and , from this point of view , we hope we can make use of the Treaty of Amsterdam soon as well .
We also know this from job applications .
I would also like to emphasise that , even more than in the past , the cooperation between the Council and Parliament will be decisive in ensuring that the Commission ’ s legislative proposals are adopted within the <unk> timescale .
In addition , it is now generally acknowledged that the sectors and companies that are investing in ecological processes , production systems and products will find themselves less and less able to compete within the European Union and in trade between the Union and third countries .
An <unk> is now supposed to be allowed to drive a <unk> lorry with a hazardous load across the Alpine passes - and that after only a few hours &apos; basic training !
However , I must say to the group of very welcome visitors who have just arrived that it is not through any spite on our part that we are suspending the sitting for a quarter of an hour just when they have arrived .
There is work to be done .
I think both of them not only take credit for themselves but indeed bring credit to this Parliament for the way in which they have carried out that duty .
<unk> amendments were tabled in the House .
Thank you , Mr Poettering .
UCLAF However , above all , and I would again like to express my support for this , at last it will be possible to devise coordinated economic policies worthy of their name .
Madam President , on behalf of the Socialist Group , I have to say that we are especially glad , at this late stage , to be able to give our views and have a discussion on the European Employment Pact .
I should also like to stress the need for greater coordination between European regional policy and other Community policies and between the Structural Funds and other funding mechanisms .
Amendments Nos 4 , 8 , 14 and 17 are acceptable in part .
Madam President , we in the Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats support the proposals of Mr Karas and the Commission .
For approximately 15 minutes nobody came for it .
Mr <unk> &apos;s excellent report emphasizes the great importance of the Baltic region .
Perhaps our children and grandchildren will have every right to <unk> us in the future .
Let us therefore do our utmost to eliminate this inconsistency from Directive 98 / 44 / EC .
When we discuss any issues regarding education we have to see this as an investment in the future for our young people to give them the skills to adapt to the changing technologies in the changing world in which we live .
We would ask it to introduce a system of regular reviews of the basic list , since it is only to be expected that new technologies will eventually become so widely available on the market and so cheap that they should be included .
Now I am anxious to know how the programmes are progressing .
As this committee is not <unk> to conduct investigations , it has not as yet been able to finally clear up these disappearances .
There were no English or Danish versions available either , so I was forced to <unk> myself with the text in German .
If we want Europe to be more than a vast free trade area , we must take action to ensure that European citizenship goes beyond the status of a concept and takes root in the everyday life of the citizens of Europe .
All direct aid given to agricultural production ought to gradually be abolished .
Within this context I would like to draw your attention to the trial project for battling against natural disasters , which , thanks to the efforts of the Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , we incorporated into the EU 2006 Budget .
The winds <unk> by certain governments are now being felt by <unk> citizens , with the disastrous results of the economic <unk> we are currently seeing .
Russia is particularly <unk> to get a foot in the door because of their mutual economic links .
The first proposal concerns the <unk> of a training programme for professionals in the European audiovisual programme industry , the so-called &quot; <unk> &quot; programme , which will be funded to the value of EUR 50 million for the period 2001 to 2005 .
Two amendments are rejected because they fall outside the scope of the programme .
The proposed revision confirms that the only way to combat the Stability Pact and the anti-grass roots policy of the European Union in general is <unk> and disobedience on the part of the workers and by stepping up the <unk> struggle .
Will it also be obligatory to accept the test results of a renowned Dutch testing agency for example in Germany as well ?
The Commission intends to continue giving support in these fields .
I feel that there is something we could do , and that is to press on with our practical monitoring and condemnation of human rights abuses , to implement the resolutions adopted in this House without confining our duties to the declarations of principle that we write on our cards , to provide - as the Commissioner , too , has said - funds and practical resources , as well as training and support , for those who work in the field of human rights , starting with the United Nations , and , lastly , to support journalists - many journalists have been killed in the past year , Commissioner - whom I believe are a source of witness and verification which is important , not least for Parliament .
I would first like to say how indebted I am to the Commission for <unk> the initiative , and for the two draft directives we are discussing here today .
The price difference between the American market and the European market has increased .
While expressing a certain satisfaction at the adoption of a programme of support to the Italian conversion plan for drift net fishing , I must still , on behalf of myself and Mr <unk> , emphasize our disappointment at the fact that certain fundamental principles which appear in the Italian plan have not been understood or accepted by this House .
Yesterday , I gave the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development a comprehensive report on the Commission &apos;s deliberations , and in order to save time , I should therefore prefer not to cover that ground again now .
I see that five times as many crimes are now committed in the European Community as in 1957 .
Nevertheless , as you know , a debate is raging across the Member States of the European Union on the expediency of direct EU membership of the organs of the World <unk> Agency and , hence , on whether the EU should help to fund the agency .
As things stand at the moment , we believe that a figure in the region of EUR 7 million - perhaps EUR 6 m , EUR 7 m or EUR 7.5 m - might be allocated to it .
.
In both of these Member States , the restrictions on products are confined to the regions where the cases have been detected .
<unk> direct aid is appealing in some respects , but it is not an entirely satisfactory solution , because the poorest countries are precisely the ones that could least afford to assist their farmers .
I believe this is important , and I hope that the Commission will support our proposals .
I would urge all MEPs to campaign for a complete halt to <unk> live <unk> .
Indeed <unk> relations are far from good .
We need rigid controls and , perhaps , financial sanctions to deal with the black sheep .
Experts are even still arguing about the host rock we should choose and the type of <unk> in which the waste should be <unk> .
Therefore , these <unk> post lessons must offset what existed in the past with what , with difficulty , the international community and the <unk> Government are trying , clearly with numerous problems , to establish .
I would like to join with my colleagues in congratulating the two rapporteurs despite the fact that I do not agree with everything that they have set down and suggested .
In this respect it is similar to the Asian model .
Mr President , I would like to begin by thanking the rapporteur , Mr <unk> , for the work he has done .
I consider that really to be a political scandal and I hope we will arrive at a common standard for that for the future .
It also has serious implications for the combating of organised crime , because as in everything else , organised crime has managed to get into this particular area .
We can make our <unk> known and our pressure felt by applying firmly the economic , financial and political measures I have just outlined .
It is generally true , therefore , to say that most Member States would be reluctant to shift their transport priorities in the short term .
Amendment No 4 is designed to eliminate what is currently known as the <unk> risk &apos; , based on the state of scientific and technical knowledge , as one of the reasons for granting a producer exemption from liability .
I would very much like to hear your answer , as the debate in Denmark and the proposals put forward there seem like an April <unk> &apos; s joke .
The figures are as follows : public administrations wait an average of four months in Spain - which is long enough - before paying their creditors , but the companies awarded the contracts wait twice as long - eight months - before paying their suppliers and <unk> , which must make life very difficult for them .
May some good come from this disaster , and may Europe become a better place to live for its citizens : that , ladies and gentlemen , is my most <unk> wish .
In this sense , it is essential , in addition to being the Union &apos; s responsibility , to support democratic organisations from the civil society of Mediterranean countries and parliamentary dialogue modelled on the Euro-Mediterranean Forum .
The debate is closed .
It will make big business even more unaccountable and strengthen the divisions in economic life .
Again , on behalf of the Socialists , I want to say that we will be voting for this report tomorrow and looking for European Union action on chemicals which <unk> hormones and which have been shown to cause all sorts of strange health and reproductive difficulties in fish , birds and other <unk> .
Measures such as the extension of sea corridors should not be made to wait , so that ships transporting dangerous goods are further from the coast , especially when they are <unk> through areas of high ecological sensitivity such as the Galician coasts .
The Treaty is clear .
The second change is if multiannual guidance programmes ( <unk> ) are retained - and they should be - we must assess the consequences they have for the safety of fishermen .
I thank the rapporteur , Mrs Sandbæk , for her efforts to secure adoption at first reading .
It would be immediately replaced by production from countries outside the European Union , which already account for 95 % of world tobacco production .
The <unk> law passed freed many a criminal ; but it did not free people sentenced for <unk> to express an opinion or talk their own language .
Turning now to the Ludford report , I very much welcome the opportunity to respond to Parliament &apos; s report on racism and xenophobia .
You will have our constant support .
It would introduce harmonised rules throughout the Community .
They do , of course , sometimes emphasise different aspects , but on many counts they are striving towards the same objectives .
That is having great social consequences , and socially vulnerable groups are sometimes particularly hard pressed and I think we are all very anxious that not only the European Community institutions but above all the Member States , and I would expressly mention the initiatives taken by non-governmental organizations which are particularly <unk> in this area in my own country , should play an important role in dealing as far as possible with the worst cases .
Until we reach that type of United States federalism and federalism of the United States of Europe , I think that we will find ourselves in a situation similar to the Paris of the Popular Front , based on red flags and <unk> , which <unk> Spanish legality , making the Pyrenees a place of death for Madrid , while fascists and <unk> were arriving in Spain to kill .
The other important principle is the so-called <unk> ban .
Mr McCartin pointed out quite rightly that Mr <unk> had no understanding of history .
The ecosystems and indigenous people of the <unk> are particularly at risk because of the <unk> environmental transportation and <unk> of these substances .
The solution to this problem may not be as hard as some EU airlines may envisage .
It is right to say that evaluating safety standards at <unk> is a matter for the Czech nuclear regulatory authority .
This is an aspect that we have particularly highlighted in the Second Action Plan .
It noted that , while these bodies had certain formal characteristics in common , they were in fact very diverse .
For example , the outbreak is already being attributed to poor controls on imports and the intensive nature of agricultural production in the European Union .
We do not think this proposal is suitable .
Perhaps you ought to begin consultations so that , in future , people have access to an assessment of inflation that is more in line with the needs of an economy that has to assume transition costs .
We are prepared to be patient as far as the speed of democratisation is concerned .
The proposals that the Commission will make will be based firstly on the conclusions of the cohesion report and secondly on the deliberations of the so-called cohesion forum that is to be held at the end of this month , with input from the European Parliament .
Mr President-in-Office , I am delighted to hear that you say safe nuclear energy is indeed safe to use , because it is <unk> to expect countries that are currently producing 30 and 40 % of their energy from nuclear power to replace this with renewable energies on any financial or economic terms or with the burning of fossil fuels without considerable further damage to the environment in these already polluted countries .
Mr Dell &apos;Alba , we are not having a debate on a point of order .
We finally voted in favour of this report because there was a very great deal in it that we believe is right and needs to be said and should be supported by this Parliament .
If next year we are to continue to provide structural support - the internal bridge between poor and rich regions - then we need an agreement on Agenda 2000 which , in small matters and in large , is characterised by solidarity , will be workable in the future and leaves no room for national <unk> .
This <unk> initiative to combat what has become a problem of serious proportions , while in itself a remarkable achievement , is still far from satisfactory .
Whilst there , he was almost killed by a bomb and , in truth , he does not know if this was an American or British bomb .
The debate is closed .
I am delighted that the Friday meetings were not scrapped , because the best part about the plenary session is its Friday Presidency .
In other words , we need less ideology and more political action ; we need investments in the infrastructure , financial compensation for <unk> dumping on the basis of the model we have in the domain of renewable sources of energy , where we subsidise losses to compensate for the fact that producers of energy from <unk> sources do not pay for their environmental impact , and , thirdly , an end to social dumping .
Before we get to that point in the Council we will have completed a large amount of business .
The database set up to this effect has been a great success .
If I consider the Interinstitutional Agreement in the light of better regulation , I have my doubts about this , so you can be sure that we will consider very carefully whether the work that you and <unk> do on this particular directive meets our expectations and is within the framework we have set .
The best human rights policy for Russia would be if the EU ended aid to <unk> .
Even when we have fundamental differences of opinion , we should remember the aspects that unite us and not only those that may divide us .
At any rate there must be the greatest possible degree of safety and all questions about any procedural step must be clarified before a further stage in the development can take place .
This is not the only way in which we are offering Member States more room for manoeuvre .
This is not a reflection on Latvia , just an example .
One thing must be made clear , I believe : the responsibility for what happens lies with the doctor in charge .
Naturally I welcome the <unk> decision to <unk> in Ireland and I would urge it to do its utmost to avoid the need for any redundancies .
We are at the start of a new dry season in Portugal , after almost no <unk> in autumn and winter , which is normally the country ’ s <unk> season .
The first of these is the definition of inspection priorities for the most threatened stocks .
I would be interested to know : can this kind of disaster happen again , yes or no ?
The rapporteur has not only worked hard on this report but she has also recognised the complexity of the issue , the <unk> that exist around this subject , and has produced a very carefully <unk> report that deserves the support of the whole of the House .
More immediate and more objective information could be achieved with live coverage of important events , such as decision making in plenary sittings and at committee meetings , for example in the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , on television channels or , in order to avoid high costs , on the Internet .
At present , China accounts for 40 % of the additional worldwide demand for oil .
Those are my comments .
That <unk> from the Union &apos;s credibility and plays right into China &apos;s hand .
However , it is our place to point out human rights violations when we see them .
We have to be more accessible and more <unk> in what we do on the Internet , for example .
For the sake of clarity , I shall deal with each report separately .
Current international political events and also economic factors , including the constant increase in the price of oil , are forcing the European Union to sit up and take notice of a situation that is both obvious and familiar : we have a structural energy supply problem and an increasing level of dependence .
It is very important that we include liability in that process .
( PT ) We are voting against the joint motion for a resolution that has been tabled because we cannot accept that we are still trying to deny the obvious , i. e. the serious effects on the health of people in areas affected by the use of weapons containing depleted uranium .
It was from there that Islam spread so extensively throughout Asia , and the island has developed a very strong and healthy sense of identity .
I therefore voted in favour .
<unk> will strike back with a deterioration in the climate and the accelerating disintegration of <unk> , sea and soil .
Mr President , when you mention the text of the <unk> and the President-in-Office &apos; s response , could I remind the President-in-Office that the original question specifically related to the massacre in Colombia , whether or not the Council has had discussions on this event and if it plans to make any formal protest or not .
Thus public consultation is being set in motion in the Union about the introduction of a strategy for mental health .
Part of the problem that we see in the European Union is that certain Member States now see themselves moving from countries of emigration to countries of migration , and other countries are coming face to face with the fact that they have made a very bad job in terms of using the talents and skills of many long-term migrants and , indeed , second and third generation nationals , as they are now in some countries .
A couple of examples : freedom of expression is practised as the freedom to employ several hundred million euro on spreading EU propaganda , in conjunction with the ruthless censorship of critical voices .
It is a great opportunity .
The logical result of this must be greater flexibility in the regulations governing employment , and certainly not a further increase in tax burdens .
Firstly , as regards non-European women living in the European Union , I think it is essential that the Commission and the Member States pursue a much more active and much more accessible education and information policy on what their rights are .
This initiative seeks to fill the gaps in the strategy for incorporating the rights of people with disabilities into Community policies in the fields of transport , access to public buildings and public areas , the information society , research and development and consumer policy .
He acknowledged positive elements in the law , strongly supporting the call for <unk> dialogue and cooperation , but made clear that references to a potential resolution of the issue by <unk> means was very much at odds with European Union policy .
<unk> Member States in plain language that this is normal rest time would also be a great help .
We have a database containing a wealth of information for patients , doctors and , indeed , for companies themselves .
We have seen , Mr Mann , that it will not be enough to deliver fine appeals and issue demands , for what we need are quantifiable objectives .
I believe that we have to be faithful to Lisbon and Gothenburg in our approach and in our seeking sustainable production methods in Europe , which will induce growth and employment , founded upon the ecological bases of our existence .
What Turkey is in fact doing is prohibiting vessels proceeding from Cypriot ports from approaching Turkish ports .
Madam President , first of all , I would like to congratulate Mr Mayer who , in spite of some extremely <unk> positions , listened and put forward an alternative in the form of a proposal for further consideration , which met with everyone &apos; s approval .
<unk> action is needed , based on the report by the Davignon group ; standardised taxation for companies operating in more than one Member State and we need to look into how we can handle the deficit .
The vote will take place on Thursday at 12 noon .
I believe , however , that given that we have common external borders , we need to have common rules on visas and visa <unk> .
I am thinking of technological research and development , infrastructure provision and quality , human resources potential , small and medium-sized businesses and direct investment from abroad .
What started out as a <unk> review turned out to be a fairly major change in the way that Lomé operates .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to begin by thanking Mr <unk> very warmly for his report on which I congratulate him .
Subject : <unk> of a senior Spanish official Given the high number of vacancies , the influx certainly did not increase unemployment in those two sectors .
The most important thing , therefore , is to obtain constructive support among WTO members for the continuation of the Doha Development Round .
For the process to succeed , it is of course necessary to establish a real Marshall Plan for those countries which , for decades , suffered the oppression of <unk> .
I think that the situation is very serious and I agree that this is something other and more than a health problem , as has been pointed out in the course of the debate .
The crucial thing is that the programme should be properly carried out .
In the domain of electricity , this has given rise to an <unk> war to open 30 to 35 % of the market over nine years .
I will have a hard job persuading the people in my country , but I am firmly convinced that the harmonisation of the right of resale , on the basis of the EP &apos;s proposals , will bring benefits to all concerned .
We must choose the best because our transport policy , and therefore the EU , will also be measured by this small project .
Maybe we will do so in future .
Could the Commission explain to Mr Pronk once and for all that people who play football or go to football matches will not be affected by this directive ?
The obligation on producer groups in future to <unk> 5 % per year of the aid to producers for <unk> conversion is not practicable , and should therefore be deleted from the proposal .
The debate is closed .
It was even suggested that NATO ought to be brought before the Court of Justice in The Hague .
I do not wish to dwell on all the recommendations set out in the report , but let me highlight some which I believe are particularly important .
Let me sum up , however , speaking also as a budget expert who is accustomed to keeping a very close eye on what money is spent , where it is spent , and how it is spent , by saying that we will take a very positive line on this enlargement as a whole .
<unk> will play a dynamic part and manufacturing investment , which is expected to grow by 5 % in 1997 and by nearly 7 % in 1998 , should once again become the driving force behind growth .
The fact is that they make up the majority of our businesses .
They have failed and are bound to fail .
<unk> cross-border cooperation is of particular importance , not only for acceptance of enlargement towards the east but also for purposes of introducing the procedures and substance of regional policy .
Mr President , we need to come to a decision on the Bosnia issue for three reasons .
I hope that what we are proposing to them in terms of trade , economics and political dialogue will increase the size of the common economic and political space around our borders .
I can only repeat that we will raise this issue with the Ukrainian authorities .
It is an intractable subject and the fact that there are 126 amendments shows how divided opinion is , but at least it has led to a more realistic position .
Mrs <unk> , I know that you have been campaigning for greater transparency in cases of state aid , and you know that at Parliament &apos;s insistence we are now , I hope , to have a major debate next Thursday in the Council of Ministers , where the Commission and the Irish presidency , to whom I should like to pay tribute , have tabled a resolution on transparency , ways of enabling the Commission to reduce the huge increase in the number of cases of state aid , and so on .
That is not the situation at present , my friends .
Then why this debate ?
But , ladies and gentlemen , Rapporteur , one does not improve maritime transport through reductions .
The Commission therefore shares the opinion of Parliament &apos;s Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market that Article 37 and not Article 280 is the most appropriate legal base .
In my opinion , if we believe we should promote the statute of Rome and an International Criminal Court , if we believe that we should argue for the Kyoto agreements , the non-proliferation treaty and the end of <unk> testing , we must assert our independence .
We have turned our <unk> and bovine animals , which are <unk> <unk> , into <unk> , like those animals in <unk> .
Perhaps the European Union could act as a <unk> in this .
The possibility of financial assistance from the Solidarity Fund depends on whether the criteria in the regulation for mobilising the fund are met .
This is why we are insisting on the fact that these new standards should be sufficiently ambitious to counteract the environmental effect of the <unk> air industry .
It also points out to the Commission the need to achieve a compromise between the three factors mentioned , yet the Commission , by issuing the document in its present form , seems to wish to impact on the social structure of our electorate , including farmers , consumers and producers .
Children must always be at the heart of how we construct our society , at the same time as the family is society ’ s most important and most fundamental building block .
Mr President , this is indeed proof that collection with a view to recycling is possible , and I do not see why what has been achieved in Luxembourg could not be achieved in other countries .
There is therefore no question that the steel industry will be allocated an appropriate place in the framework programme .
I voted against the report when item 15 was voted down by the political Left ( with 266 votes in favour of doing so and <unk> votes against ) .
Unfortunately , they too have been infected with the European disease of <unk> and paralysis .
The Union is able to take up some sterling work on human rights , but in some strange way is unable to integrate decisions on human rights into its policies and programmes .
There are very important differences in countries such as Ireland , for instance , which has a very young population and which still has room for an increase in the activity rate compared with countries with higher activity rates and older populations .
I take the view that we should be very careful about establishing someone ’ s identity , certainly in the case of unknown people .
Finally , I would like to thank Professor Tsatsos for having mentioned the connection between these proposals and the role of the European Parliament .
<unk> this there is an important role for a training centre for <unk> personnel , and especially to start up pilot projects .
On this latter point we are reflecting on whether it might be useful to adopt a framework regulation which makes common provision on leading issues like pay , conditions , staff representation rights and so on , but enables the different institutions to operate implementing rules on other matters .
By this means we should begin to <unk> ourselves from what has been a very difficult , but useful experience , but one that remains , <unk> as it is , deeply embarrassing and complicated as we have seen recently by the deplorable choices of Dr Martin Bangemann .
The next item is the recommendation for second reading ( <unk> / 2005 ) , on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties , Justice and Home Affairs , on the Council common position for adopting a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending the Convention implementing the Schengen Agreement of 14 June 1985 on the gradual abolition of checks at common borders as regards access to the Schengen Information System by the services in the Member States responsible for issuing registration certificates for vehicles ( <unk> / 1 / 2004 – <unk> / 2005 – 2003 / <unk> ( COD ) ) ( Rapporteur : Mr Coelho ) .
That must not be used as an excuse for not producing directives in other policy areas .
Very <unk> bombs are a further example of a new military technology , and their existence completely <unk> the clear distinction previously made between traditional weapons and nuclear weapons .
If what the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs has proposed is accepted , that is , if the whole of the time spent on call is , in principle , to be treated as working time , and if the opt-out is to be abolished , then this will represent a considerable hindrance to flexible working arrangements throughout Europe .
It supports the efforts already made by the Commission to assist the European textile and clothing sector in also taking up the challenges set by the abolition of quotas since January 2005 .
Mr <unk> reminded us that one of the greatest achievements of this legislature – I hope it will be possible to conclude the process before the end of the term of this Parliament – is the new legislation on the freedom of movement of our own citizens .
I should also like to thank the Commission for its cooperation , because without the ambitious proposal it tabled , it would not have been possible to tighten up the criteria .
Mr President , the situation which has inspired this Resolution today demonstrates that human rights and respect for life , as higher values , are never entirely enjoyed and we democrats throughout the world must be alert at all times .
– Mr President , first I should like to welcome both the honesty and courage of Commissioner Rehn on the Council &apos;s stand on the 2007 budget .
As a Member of Parliament for the constituency of <unk> / <unk> I certainly welcome the decision of EU leaders taken in Cologne this year to ensure the continuation of this programme .
There are also implications for press freedom if - as in Austria - a daily newspaper changes the political focus of its reporting when it is saved from bankruptcy by a bank with close links to a particular political party .
That is why the central issues for the European Council are to be internal security matters , with further progress on Schengen as decided upon in the Treaty of Amsterdam , reinforcement of the forces of oppression and persecution at European level , strengthening of the CFSP and promotion of the requisite statutory changes which will establish the abolition of the veto and unanimity , and the <unk> of the <unk> rule .
Mr President , I just want to repeat that the rapporteur maintains all his amendments , especially the rejection of Amendment No 2 .
I agree with what many of you have said : that this country has really suffered more than his reasonable in recent decades .
To fulfil these purposes the changes in the existing directive firstly reflect the entire revised STCW Convention , including both the mandatory section , part A , and the recommended guidance in part B of the code .
It is deeply regrettable that houses were <unk> on a <unk> , whose <unk> were still so active .
The instrument proposed in Annex <unk> meets these requirements perfectly .
Let us impose training for male and female candidates in politics - but why especially compel women to undergo training ?
So , Commissioner , we are very glad that you have presented this communication , and also that the report by the PPE-DE Group &apos;s Mr Pirker has proposed the right thing and enjoys our support for that reason .
I therefore believe that at this point Europe must assume its responsibilities for the future , especially for what was not done in Albania .
We believe it is in the interest of the safety of the Bulgarian people in the first instance , but also of course of all other Europeans too , that efforts should be made towards specific and proper implementation of the 1993 Nuclear Safety <unk> .
In so doing , is the Presidency not running ahead of the ratification process , which also involves referendums ?
For example , it proposes removal of the share capital veil from shipping companies in the name of ensuring that they comply with civil , taxation and criminal code obligations arising from the operation of ships .
Why should , for example , freedom of religion be criticised in Laos , Vietnam and Pakistan , but not in <unk> or Saudi Arabia ?
That will be done .
As is always the case with compromises , not all our proposals have been fulfilled .
Obviously , there is now a lack of such trust in each other within the EU .
I know that Commissioners often say that Parliament does not take its role seriously .
Despite their <unk> , we know that the rules of peaceful coexistence among people of different cultures have no alternative of equal value .
It is very much a question of whether such an effort were feasible on the basis of the attitude of the leadership of the Yugoslavian army , which in itself is a positive signal , but something that cannot be ruled out .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen .
Our political leaders , the Commission in Brussels , deliberately encourage confusion between a single currency and a common currency .
That is a very pressing timetable if we want the European Parliament to be able to fully play its part .
One thing that does not make sense , and I think that the Commissioner would agree with me on this , is to speak of subsidiarity in this area .
And this means supporting respect for all their rights , supporting openness , supporting the demand that our people be consulted through the ballot box on the changes we are demanding .
There is , however , a meeting of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market being held on that day .
Yes , exactly .
That is why we welcome it .
It is very important for them that if their case comes to court , this really must be able to take place behind closed doors , so that minimum publicity is given to the victims , who are usually ashamed of the fact that they are victims .
But there is a twofold difficulty when it comes to disabled people and the labour market .
This is illustrated by the fact that , on 1 June <unk> , i. e. less than a year after the failure of the ambitious plan for a European Defence Community , he started to <unk> the fabric of unification <unk> by proposing the <unk> Conference which became , as we all know , the <unk> for the 1957 Treaties of Rome .
It is a difficult , <unk> and dangerous task .
Obviously , the EU &apos;s own institutions have to lead the way here .
The Commission must also accept that its right to withdraw should not be a right of veto at the last stage of the legislative procedure .
The significance of the economic relations between the USA and the EU is well known .
Resolution on the textile industry ( <unk> / 98 ) The enlargement processes both in the EU and in NATO should be seen in this light .
A politician who keeps this kind of electoral promise should serve as an example to our old corrupt parties , with which we are all too familiar in France , Belgium , Italy , our old parties caught up in scandals , <unk> by criminal settling of <unk> , whose perpetrators often enjoy total impunity .
It was reflected in your strong Parliamentary delegation in Bonn .
Its provisions deal with offences which carry a prison sentence of at least one year and therefore serious offences such as murder , <unk> or fraud would normally be expected to come within the application of the convention .
I would like to ask the following question of the representative of the Council : do you really believe it is possible to reach honest <unk> by eliminating those who represent the majority of the people ?
I was surprised to discover that in at least one of the smaller institutions no audits were carried out by the financial controller despite the clear requirement to do so in the Financial Regulation .
We must not forget that Belgium and Italy have <unk> from the fall in debt resulting from the reduction in interest rates , which is due , in particular , to the approximation of the interest rates of their Central Banks with those of the European Central Bank .
Looking at the situation of the Baltic states , they too need to be given the opportunity for secure energy supplies , in case there are no more supplies from Russia .
The regional <unk> and similar bodies will also be invited to Brussels next year .
That is an important point , and precisely because of its sensitive nature , it will also be discussed at great length in the European Council , where the final decision will be taken .
Further key points include : support for the development of <unk> and other models for technological transfer , easier access to risk capital , especially for <unk> and SMEs in <unk> research , the introduction of a European patent , and a transparent and scientifically based information policy on the part of the authorities , companies and the scientific establishment .
We can do more on education and information .
All friendly appeals for change have fallen on deaf ears , and it is now time for the European Union to take more practical steps .
The Commission must do more in this area .
We have had some <unk> experience of such ideas in the past .
Our action plan covers four major causes for concern : health , education , protection of <unk> and AIDS / HIV , all of which receive special attention under development cooperation .
The original proposal of the Commission was for a cod and hake recovery plan based on scientific advice which was broadly similar in its assessment of the situation in both of these fisheries .
In my own country , the rights of women , <unk> and <unk> men have been opposed every single step of the way by organised religion .
We in the Commission want to see as much information as possible about this guideline value , but it would be too difficult for a number of Member States to comply with this , and therefore we cannot support this amendment .
We are rapidly acquiring a hugely improved picture of the true <unk> of BSE in the Community .
Let the Council simply adopt our statute .
But , Mr Santer , let us not go back to <unk> <unk> <unk> .
Prior to the vote on Tibet : The second fact is that alternatives of various kinds are in the process of development .
At the end of the discussion , it was agreed that several proposals , such as arranging contact points and inviting people to <unk> , should be implemented quickly .
Resumption of the session Thirdly , the role of a <unk> , dynamic European Union in the world .
We are all concerned that young people should not eat too much fat , or too much sugar , because all these things can affect our health , but there are pigmeat producers and sugar producers ...
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7 % .
We have just received the annual report for 1992 / 1993 and for the past six months we have been told that we will be getting the 1993 / 1994 report any time now .
Firstly , as with other expenditure headings , this must be an expenditure ceiling rather than a spending target .
In that way , one step forward is accompanied by two steps back .
I would in particular like to stress that Bulgaria has now at last managed to promote reform of the judicial system , which had been a major problem in assessing it .
The options for action by the EU will be kept under close review and <unk> up in the light of Iran ’ s declarations and actions .
As yet no decisions have been taken and this draft document makes no reference to proposals of the sort mentioned in media reports , by which I mean salary levels .
In this regard , I should like to pay tribute to Mr Mulder , the rapporteur , for retaining the cap , despite the fact that the Council has negotiated this way not by accident , but deliberately in order to reach the conclusions that we now know .
Currently the CAP continues to absorb half the EU budget .
Sweden has lost businesses because EU aid has been delivered in more advantageous ways in other countries .
The second is that obviously we should welcome the European Commission &apos;s communications on tourism , but we also need to say to Commissioner Liikanen that they are not enough .
Just think of the debate on the <unk> quality of male <unk> , because of chemicals <unk> like artificial hormones .
We are very keen that the directive on the right of citizens of the Union and their family members to move and reside freely within the territory of the Member States come into force as soon as possible .
What is there for the national <unk> to do ?
Obviously we need better definitions of the various types of crimes .
Enlargement cannot be allowed to introduce imbalance .
We succeeded there in agreeing , at an international forum , as to the definition of the precautionary principle .
The networks were put forward at the Edinburgh Summit at the end of 1992 to strengthen the internal market and as a boost for employment .
Madam President , the draft directive before us is an example of how <unk> , trans-European rulings can <unk> the people and shake their confidence in the Union .
Firstly , the present proposal for a directive <unk> the reference to guide levels .
.
– Mr President , we are alarmed by the situation in Bolivia , which is the result of poverty and enormous social inequality , yet we are opposed to any foreign interference or any attempt at a military coup .
What is worse , Parliament is offering Member States the opportunity of extending the number of calendar days during which the limit value for <unk> dust particles per calendar year can be exceeded from 35 days to 55 , which is tantamount to burying your head in the sand .
In such cases , a single candidate city would be permissible , but it would have to meet all the challenges and requirements for becoming a European Capital of Culture .
Mr President , what we are witnessing , I am sorry to say , is the result of the <unk> attitude you took a short while ago .
Political and national elections are one thing , ladies and gentlemen ; our debate is another !
This being the case , January seems a good time to go , if the members of my delegation agree : all this has happened so very recently .
We also have reservations on Amendments Nos 17 , 18 , 27 , 30 and 31 , being not convinced that they are WTO compatible .
In our opinion , that is also the way it should be with regard to provisions on driving licences .
I also hope that it will make a genuine effort make the journey to Strasbourg easier for our foreign colleagues .
Regarding the other lines , we do not have many concerns about the consumer lines where we see that the work is going on quite effectively , but I would draw the attention of the House and the Commission to the health programme and the health budget lines .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the <unk> &apos; was a disaster waiting to happen and this is what makes the matter particularly intolerable and makes it all the more difficult for us to respond to the concerns , fear and desperation of the populations of Galicia and of the <unk> in northern Portugal .
After all , the difference between the rates is 5 % : why , therefore , choose the rate most unfavourable to European Union agriculture ?
The difficulty was then knowing whether or not the European Parliament could take the view that it had , in fact , been consulted on the matter , given that Rule 6 of its Rules of Procedure requires any request to be addressed to the President of the European Parliament by the competent authorities of a Member State .
We are considering the question of possible further legislation very seriously and we will produce our conclusions in 2007 .
The central body is called &apos;the European Food Authority &apos; ( or &apos;the Authority &apos; for short , with a capital <unk> &apos; ) .
ASEM process That is welcome in the sense that it will boost the budget of the healthcare system in Poland , provided that it is not at the cost of Polish patients .
In examining the way opinion has been formed I have noticed that the further away from Kaliningrad a current Member State is , the more unrealistic the points it has put forward to solve the problem .
Allow me , however , to observe that the success of the programme also depends on avoiding breaking the issue down into too many focal points and avoiding getting involved in the field of criminality in general .
My final point is that I do not support - and I made this point previously - genetic engineering as it applies to humans .
So there are important ideas to be considered in our future work , even if we will certainly not manage today fully to clarify all the <unk> between European and national regional policy and the effects of monetary union on cohesion .
The first of these is the relocation of businesses .
I cannot therefore go along with testing for BSE as early as 24 months , with the ban on feeding with <unk> food , even if it has been treated in accordance with contemporary scientific knowledge , and , likewise , the idea of <unk> the whole stock when a case of BSE occurs , which is something I reject .
<unk> we sit and wait for Council decisions or are we capable of developing the power to shape policies by ourselves ?
They need to be free from unnecessary red tape .
Their accession remains conditional .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution ) President .
Mr President , unfortunately Mr <unk> cannot be here with us this evening and I therefore have the honour of representing him here today .
This is simply not true .
Yes , that is a suggestion we will take up .
Nevertheless , raising those questions , crucially important though they may be to a Europe of values , cannot be a prerequisite for opening negotiations .
The Council has not been informed of the outcome of this visit .
Measures to integrate environmental protection into this Community sector have been defined for the single energy market in relation to energy efficiency , renewable energy sources and the framework programme on energy .
You have even been told to do the <unk> de France , even though it is an American who will win that .
Regarding the content of the report , then , an accurate observation is made and the rapporteur makes some sensible proposals but , in the final analysis , the <unk> shift sets in .
Following the attacks on 11 September against the United States - our <unk> allies - the European Union has publicly committed itself to doing all it can to help bring the perpetrators , <unk> and sponsors of these acts to justice , and to holding accountable those <unk> , supporting or <unk> them .
<unk> and economists must be creative in their efforts to ensure that men and women can really flourish and must promote the common public good without excessive government interference , which would harm the national economies .
In fact , there was a programme called <unk> ; it was born and then died , it was <unk> , or rather killed .
I have a draft copy in various versions and it seems to me that we should be dealing more efficiently and more economically with the time available to us .
I believe that the new version of Article 2 , prepared with the invaluable help of Mrs <unk> Vallelersundi and approved by the Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs , is far more appropriate and effective in the context of an area of freedom , security and justice .
Nowhere in this report are quotas mentioned .
If this is the case , then I would very much like to know what the Council position is .
<unk> production in Poland from 1999 until 2001 was 107 <unk> tonnes ; nevertheless , a quota of 144 <unk> tonnes was granted to Poland .
Nevertheless , I am pleased to affirm that we have established as priorities the conservation of resources and the maintenance of employment in the fisheries sector .
<unk> because it immediately proposes a set of amendments to improve the workings of the Council .
The third amendment , which I have tabled on behalf of my group , would permit the Member States to retain the parking rates of at least 12 % for a further 15 years , so that the changeover would not have to take place <unk> over night , which I think is reasonable .
So I look forward to a continuation of the debate and I hope we can convince the leading spokesman on plenary matters in Mr Donnelly &apos;s Group of the usefulness of his report .
What this encourages is not a move towards efficient Community-wide public services but , on the pretext of the costs involved and the principle of subsidiarity , towards actually <unk> the public service .
Just imagine that a national government - and as a German , I am naturally aware that my country is currently <unk> over the Council , but that is not my point ; the identity of the government is irrelevant - decided to hold a <unk> meeting and expected the national parliament to alter its schedule .
Everyone in this House , everybody who is occupying these <unk> over there , can be very happy that we have concluded this , that it is good news for the environment , that it is good news for transparency , and that it is good news for democracy .
One example I would give of that is the European services directive , which , even in its amended form , will seriously erode the autonomy of municipal authorities in the area of licences or the local provision of services .
The Commission will have to be very vigorous in the responses that it puts out to some of the comments that it will be receiving as part of the campaign .
Yet the investment structure with regard to the fostering of innovation in the European Union is so underdeveloped that the subject is an important public policy issue .
The Commission &apos;s <unk> during the appeal was strictly factual and correct .
I think that is a wise decision , if only to preserve the unity of the European Parliament over this procedure .
We have a lot to do .
This is why I would like to thank Mrs Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou for her commitment in tabling a report on this Commission document .
Ladies and gentlemen , since I took on my responsibilities as Commissioner , I have dedicated every effort to Galileo , and not only effort , but also political impetus , in accordance with my capacities and very willingly .
Suffice it to say that we are considering it , even if , politically , I have the feeling that it will be difficult to achieve .
With <unk> and <unk> , Parliament rejected the opportunity to vote on Mrs Eriksson &apos;s two oral amendments to support active work against pornography and prostitution and to welcome initiatives from Member States concerning the <unk> of the customers of <unk> .
Parliament must also support all the measures necessary to <unk> the truth , and be constantly , <unk> vigilant even when all this has died down , for without transparent authorities and guaranteed individual rights , there can be no faith in democracy .
This is not the imposition of something <unk> on our friends worldwide , but has also to do with our being convinced that defence of human rights should never be seen in relative terms and should be at the forefront of our day-to-day policy activities .
This is where the UN organisations need to answer our questions more directly and where we have to become better at actually doing things .
It appears that the United Nations would be the most suitable forum for this .
<unk> on migratory flows and readmission agreements are not necessarily included in all the association agreements that the European Union concludes .
It is a disgrace that the agency for maritime safety is not to be launched until some time next year .
Now , Mr <unk> has drafted comprehensive amendments at this late stage in the discussion of the issue .
We also enjoyed excellent cooperation with the European Commission , and the constructive and intensive support we received from the Council Secretariat also deserves a special mention .
President , we are very disappointed with the outcome of the vote .
We call on these people to join with the people of the European Union in fighting a European Union which exploits and <unk> , including <unk> , which <unk> the people of their wealth and the fruits of their labour and which <unk> the social rights for which they have fought so hard and sacrificed so much for so long .
But the main point is that there are still people , even here in the Chamber , who constantly manage to present immigration as a threat and as something that will inevitably bring an increase in crime , thus encouraging xenophobia and making the whole issue taboo .
None of these requests has obtained any response whatsoever .
It is clear for all to see that the <unk> are different from the rest of the territory : they are different environmentally , <unk> and in terms of natural history and social conditions .
As Mrs Grossetête and Mr <unk> rightly noted , the role of nuclear energy should also be given due consideration .
Question No 26 by ( <unk> / 00 ) : Secondly , reform of the systems by which people are employed .
We obviously want to oppose the transport of live animals as much as possible .
I do not know what to do .
The installation of the federal parliament , the election of the president of parliament and of his <unk> , the appointment by parliament on 10 October 2004 of <unk> <unk> <unk> as president of the republic , and the appointment of the Prime Minister of the federal government were important steps , but the help and support provided by the Union was too <unk> , and the lack of prompt action to help the population has left the way open to a resurgence of radical fundamentalism , which poses more and more of a risk because it is allied to terrorism .
A little more respect and fairness and a little less <unk> would probably make our debate about harassment unnecessary .
As a <unk> , how could I think otherwise ?
( <unk> ) Madam President , the Commission can accept the three amendments proposed by Parliament on second reading , corresponding to Mr Morillon &apos; s report .
This sends out another signal to <unk> immigrants , which will , of course , have major consequences .
I have the impression that the sleep of reason , as Francisco de <unk> said , produces monsters , and , sometimes , I also feel that these monsters , which are , in actual fact , the result of the <unk> of mankind , are among us .
It is still possible for us to do what is right for East Timor , to do it immediately and with determination .
Each year , we have tried to highlight issues and highlight what we need to do in Europe .
But I am fairly sure that what I am telling you is sound and that we would be making a mistake if in this case we did not implement a declaration with percentages .
Some amendments actually envisaged introducing a systematic <unk> of increase for all energy products , without taking into account the international constraints applicable within the WTO .
Firstly , there is the issue of Community inspectors .
We want an emphasis on rail and water networks rather than massive motorway building and we want rigorous environmental impact assessments .
EC / Israel public procurement and <unk> agreements Consequently , we cannot accept this view .
The latter are now required to have worked for at least five out of seven years in order to obtain a certificate confirming their qualifications , without which they cannot work as nurses or <unk> in the EU .
This Parliament needs to review the manner in which the Council deals with Question Time in this House .
The Commissioner has emphasised Parliament &apos; s position and Parliament &apos; s important role and said that the action plans are inadequate , that these must be developed further and that a clear political stance is required .
There was no <unk> from established practice in Johannesburg .
<unk> for 1996 This also means the involvement of universities , teachers and students .
What I wonder is : how come <unk> <unk> is in favour of introducing a new strategy , how come other Kurdish representatives are in favour of our introducing a new strategy , how come the entire opposition to the government and civil society are in favour of our introducing a new strategy if all it does is support the government ?
We have nervous consumers who are often nervous for no reason .
Firstly , ladies and gentlemen , the Commission understands the anxiety expressed by a number of you with regard to the scope of the conference agenda .
&#91; COM ( 2001 ) <unk> - <unk> / 01 - 2001 / <unk> ( CNS ) &#93; In welcoming this report and in promising active cooperation in following its recommendations I must stress that if the external service is to carry out the role which Parliament wants for it , it must have the resources to do so ; that is , not just resources to place officials in third countries but also to ensure that they are properly trained , that they are equipped with the necessary information technology and that they have secure means of communication .
These and these alone can be dependent on the 75 % criterion .
I believe it is important to state before Parliament that , following the negotiations which we had at the start of this week , we have now not only created common positions among the Member States on these difficult issues but have also started negotiations with the applicant countries and even completed negotiations with several applicant countries .
<unk> 2000 has for example taken up 23 of the positions of which 8 are on <unk> .
Under the Pact ’ s rules , as has already been noted , temporary deficits can and may be tolerated during economic <unk> , but during the next economic upturn these new debts must then be cleared again .
And , if that is the case , in what respect ?
The emotion of the moment has prevailed over the future of our ports .
Let me say the following : Is it not the case that what has happened in Italy is due to it being a large country and that in Austria to it being a small country ?
Let us remind people of the way in which democracy <unk> over dictatorship and oppression was exchanged for freedom .
This should give more flexibility to the programming priorities of the Member States .
Before we proceed to the vote , Mr <unk> wishes to speak on a point of order .
There is unfortunately no shortage of reasons for greater vigilance to be required for products made available to healthcare professionals .
It will be the Mafia and other unscrupulous people .
Parliament has amended the contractual text .
The way will then be open for Israel to impose its borders unilaterally .
.
( EL ) The purpose of the GALILEO programme is to design and build a satellite navigation system which allows users to determine their position on earth extremely accurately .
We have reached it by means of the path of success .
Nevertheless – and on this point I agree wholeheartedly with the rapporteur , Mr Eurlings , to whom I am obliged for his efforts – we must give criticism where criticism is due .
I am quite sure that we cannot achieve it in 1999 , but I think 1999 has to be the basis for further developments .
<unk> products and services are generating a rapidly expanding world market .
I should have preferred to see a number of ministers sitting here listening to what Parliament had to say on subjects such as the European surplus , or observing the principle of subsidiarity while creating a European policy .
If we are united it will strengthen us and then we can solve many problems on the international agenda based on strong cooperation with the new , democratically elected leader of a democratic country , whether we like him or not .
Mr President , the documents on terrorism are certainly notable , although I believe we should pay far greater attention to the dangerous , worrying , serious signs of anti-Semitism and aggression against Jewish institutions and figures , including religious ones , as shown by the extremely serious attack on the Chief <unk> of Brussels .
I am <unk> to know how the Member managed to describe it .
Accordingly , the Commission should publish a Community <unk> of varieties , compiled on the basis of <unk> from the Member States .
There is a need to clarify exactly when relevant information about <unk> would have to be provided .
We can boycott budgets , we can delay our consent for the negotiations on accession , and we can call on the national parliaments and , of course , the public to form an alliance with the European Parliament .
It presents no real cuts in actual levels of spending .
This is the unpleasant impression for many of us , of having been through this scenario before - a scenario in which consumers are the last to find out what they are eating , and yet whose health is at serious risk .
That is not an expression of <unk> , for I believe that a people must be entitled to defend their own rights , and I also believe there may be situations in which military power must be used in order to preserve the peace .
When the sea is used intensively for fishing and other economic activities , the laying of a gas pipeline and these chemical weapons become a concern for the international community .
When you discuss the institutional reforms do remember that it is not just a question of figures but also of ensuring that the matter of Parliament &apos;s lack of power in relation to cooperation with the Council and the Commission - here I am addressing the inadequate codecision procedures - really is included in the agenda of this conference .
In other words , if competitors want to fly these routes , then <unk> must make profitable slots available and <unk> must surrender some of its slots for others to use .
Mr Carnero has the floor for a point of order .
The Commission is having a meeting on medium-term financial planning , and fairness requires that I , on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development , make it plain to the House that we think it important that Commissioner Fischler should be present at that meeting .
Member States have started to discuss the issues concerning the establishment of the European External Action Service and are beginning to understand the complex issues involved .
This is not , of course , about constructing European parties .
Mr President , I wish to thank President Santer for his speech here today , and also Mr Mitchell and Mr Spring .
The usual <unk> added are <unk> and <unk> , which is why it is useful that the proposal specifically <unk> these ingredients .
This amendment would restrict the directive to covering public ports only .
In times of shortage of funds , little can be done to change this through the classical form of regional policy .
When we deal with harmonisation of criminal law the key concept is full confidence in each other &apos; s legal systems .
This is not the point .
The report on the Feira Summit was issued on Tuesday morning , the report on Tuesday morning &apos; s discharge sitting was issued at <unk> p. m . Thank you for your remarks .
The fourth point concerns the relationship with Russia , a resolution on which will be adopted this week .
.
Their participation was welcome and effective .
<unk> employment is one of our strategic objectives .
In accordance with Article <unk> , I should like this report to be voted on this week .
Applause As I said , the Convention is a result of the effort made by both Parliament and the Commission and the will expressed by the <unk> <unk> meeting in <unk> in October 2000 .
I am convinced that this problem has to be tackled <unk> and that the public must be given the opportunity to become far more actively involved in the shaping of European policy and , to this end , in developing a set of policies that can motivate and mobilise people and foster solidarity among them .
The aid which we have talked about today is also an instrument which the Commission must clarify , especially if it is a future strategy <unk> <unk> .
The next item is the debate on the report by Mrs <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy , on European <unk> <unk> Regulation and <unk> 2004 ( 2005 / <unk> ( INI ) ) ( <unk> / 2005 ) .
The first part describes economic developments , which I shall sum up in a few words .
This contradiction between the content of the adopted resolutions – legislative and <unk> – is highly significant .
Those of us who went to Bosnia as electoral observers on behalf of the European Parliament had the opportunity to confirm that understanding and wish on the spot .
In reality , the central aim of these programmes is to support the training of professionals in the European audiovisual industry and to promote European artistic creation and research in the audiovisual sphere .
When reading the document , there is a strong sense of <unk> , Madam Commissioner , a real lack of urgency about how to tackle the global economic political challenges facing the European Union .
Some of you have also raised the concern that employment is the fundamental issue .
This body would be responsible for coordinating the checks conducted by Member States at both the national and the international level .
We should also see this as imposing on us the obligation of making an ongoing contribution to stability and democracy in the region .
How do we deal with a regime that is quite blatantly pushing all its boundaries ?
I cannot support this .
It has already been mentioned in other interventions that , a few years ago , the European Parliament promoted pilot projects supporting non-governmental organisations and local authorities that , for some time , have been endeavouring to use actions to fight violence against women and children .
I would like to call on the competent authorities of the affected countries to do everything in their power to combat the forest corruption that has reached such tragic proportions in Eastern Europe .
Will the Minister commit the presidency to produce a result on the trade question within three months ?
It will not be economically viable if you do not have enough waste to keep the <unk> going .
He would also have appeared unsuitable to <unk> <unk> and not just to homosexuals and women , since <unk> taught that only he who was without sin could cast the first stone .
I share your concern .
Furthermore , the presidency also continued the practice established by the Luxembourg Presidency in the second half of 1997 of consulting the European Parliament in accordance with the Treaty of Amsterdam .
I can see from the report presented by Mr Baker in April this year that progress has actually been made in developing various proposals for <unk> for Western Sahara .
Each and every one of the Member States must open up its labour market .
I applaud the report , and I wish to say that the Committee on Development and Cooperation supports these steps to intensify and normalise relations with Latin America .
The Universal Declaration on <unk> Rights , made in Barcelona in 1996 , is a good document to take into account , and I believe we are working in the right direction .
Those who want everything sorted out in the Convention will perhaps be happy with that .
How can we dare to encourage such dangerous investments ?
Mr President , I wish to begin my reply , on behalf of the Commission , by saying that the Commission is seriously concerned about the recent <unk> and trials of journalists and opposition supporters by the Cuban authorities .
Eurojust is not the way forward and is unnecessary if cooperation is improved following the Kirkhope report .
What will the Commission do to stop Member States introducing protectionist measures under the pretext of public health ?
I call upon the European Parliament to intervene to stop workers being forced always to institute legal proceedings to obtain their rights .
Nevertheless , cooperation and a greater awareness of experiences must be encouraged , in order ( I repeat what I said at the beginning ) to see the significant added value of the cultural activities of the structural funds for the development of some regions , and for employment .
Chernobyl , <unk> and <unk> 4 nuclear reactors ( continuation ) However , I agree with what a previous speaker said that if there were better living conditions in those countries , it would be better for the children to stay in their own country .
<unk> local crime and <unk> however , have no cross-border implications and do not require EU action .
The merit of the Commission &apos;s communication and the Hoppenstedt report is that they really do emphasise this point , as well as indicating how <unk> the battle for supremacy is being fought in a global market , especially the market in products designed for civilian use .
It would also appear that there is scope for further involvement in the candidate countries following accession .
We are , unfortunately , the country without an EMU strategy .
<unk> very soon , we will have to address these issues , but today is not the right time .
The first of these simplifies things with regard to the recognition of the training of sailors from third countries .
The first word is integration .
In this connection , I would like briefly to mention the Legislative Council .
The executive is totally separate from the legislature , which is left to operate more like a <unk> rather than a real decision-making body .
However we must take steps to prevent the accumulation of rewards under this regulation and other areas of European legislation .
They see they have been <unk> .
I think those problems relate to three points : how , and especially in what wording , products are to be labelled ; which products are covered by the regulation ; and , finally , what happens to those maize and soya products that were approved even before this regulation came into force .
At all events , I <unk> what was put in front of me , and I am quite happy about it , and you would undoubtedly have done the same yourself if you had been invited to Lyons .
Unfortunately , you went no further than perspectives in your reference to the objectives of Annex 4 to Nice , in calling for us to be closer to our citizens and in your more than <unk> comment that you see both advantages and disadvantages in the convention method .
Commissioner , you mooted the idea of a partnership with the local authorities .
The United States , India and China are already taking initiatives , particularly in the field of nuclear energy .
Of course the costs are higher for some countries than for others because of where the pollution emissions come from .
Europe can address the health crisis and social distress .
The reform of the common agricultural policy and pre-accession aid also prepare the Community for enlargement eastward in the agricultural sector .
Furthermore , this is not an election , or even an appointment , it is an opinion on the basis of which the European Council will decide whether or not to make an appointment .
The EU should not be turned into one large biological <unk> , as is happening now .
The Community must assert itself , uphold its <unk> and be proud of the guiding role it continues to have in this process .
Three years ago a few MEPs visited Turkey to prepare for a Customs Union and to assess the Kurdish problem and the human rights situation there .
This financial compensation and these measures demonstrate the European Union &apos;s interest in guaranteeing , beyond legitimate support for the fishing activities of Community ships , the sustainable development of the fisheries sector of the Republic of Guinea and greater control over the implementation of the measures laid down in the protocol .
In actual fact , the airlines would like the air traffic control sector to be completely liberalised , not so much for reasons of safety , interoperability or reducing delays as to be able to access a market of air traffic control services that would enable the more powerful among them to purchase more expensive , secure slots and leave the problem of delays to other airlines and private aviation .
We need a fisheries policy that does more than <unk> off <unk> in the aftermath of measures that neither permit nor encourage sustainable fishing .
This electorate looks at us and sees the European system as <unk> and bureaucratic .
These data should , I believe , be investigated further in respect of the cost of not using <unk> ; in other words , the social benefits should be assessed in financial terms .
With regard to nuclear research , I believe that Europe should promote this in areas which can contribute to our actively participating in the elimination of weapons of mass destruction , weapons <unk> plutonium , etc .
It does not hope to lay down the full institutional history of the European Union for when this is eventually achieved , but it is not confined purely to the short term .
For example , the cooperation which has developed through the <unk> , in the field of <unk> , according to the criteria of sustainable development , is appropriate to local development and to supporting <unk> and <unk> .
For instance , our European response for civil protection will be based , hopefully , on the very good report presented at my request and at the request of Chancellor Schüssel by Michel Barnier .
It is also important that the European Commission steps up its coordination effort in this area .
What could be a more welcome outcome ?
The room for action set out in compromise motion No 1 on the Scheele report is desirable .
Ukraine is not divided geographically , although there are many today who wish this were the case .
<unk> horrific practices will continue to occur .
The EU is treating Bosnia-Herzegovina as a <unk> , <unk> how the government should be organised , how the police and border control must function and even what the tax system should be like .
This is also an issue of ownership .
Three minutes to decide whether tomorrow , we will again offer millions of immigrants the opportunity to flood our continent .
This process of consultation will continue for some time until the Commission <unk> specific work plans with all the partners involved .
Bearing in mind all these enormous problems , it is clear that our road to rightful entry into Europe , in which Serbia and Montenegro used to have places worthy of them , will be a long one .
As we look to the future , I feel it is incumbent on me to mention some of the steps taken by the Slovak Republic in the past .
In a country in which women and children are kidnapped and <unk> ?
<unk> San Miguel report ( <unk> / 97 ) I and my group are in total agreement with Mr Titley &apos;s report .
Madam President , the service we are considering faces fierce competition from the new information and communication technologies .
<unk> to the previous point , we think that we have to strengthen the role of producer organizations as an essential element in a commercial and <unk> policy in regard to the product .
It is a mockery .
Mr Mandelson , the employers and workers in Europe ’ s textile and clothing businesses are relying on you .
This definition , which is too restrictive , could lead us to <unk> indefinitely about a movement , the size of which we cannot calculating - and which we can also quote <unk> of - but which is carefully interpreted to give the impression of a <unk> movement .
If we do not do so , the employment plans drawn up in all the Member States will be of little use .
The question is , therefore , to what extent a kind of set-aside programme , which would include nature conservation , as is applied in agriculture , could also be successful in fisheries .
<unk> in Europe is one of the areas which we have dealt with least during the present parliamentary term and , as a result , the work done in this area is largely superficial .
The consequences for the air transport sector of 11 September appear to have been almost overcome , and annual growth rates of up to 5 % are again being assumed , which means that air travel will increase twofold by 2015 .
There have been similarly huge , visible changes in terms of prosperity , security , democracy , the rule of law and the fight against corruption in public life .
In our amendments the committee suggested that this information is issued to users at the same time as the card .
That is why it is becoming ever more important to take further the <unk> of national economic policies .
Against this more <unk> background , I wish to make a few points .
Let me , however , point out that making legislation <unk> is not just a matter for the Commission , but legislators are also of course obliged , for their part , to treat this principle as a decisive criterion when framing laws .
A breakthrough which offers guarantees to both population groups in Cyprus .
Agreement on this at least has been reached with the Committee on Budgetary Control , but there is still plenty to be done .
The next item is the statement by the Commission on the WTO dispute settlement procedure for the dispute between the European Union and the United States .
As well as the <unk> horror that was visited on South-East Asia , and past , present and future suffering , what also hit home were the images of world solidarity on an unprecedented scale .
I would be pleased if it achieved that objective at least .
This is because the Commissioners took on average nearly ten minutes for each answer .
European Union aid should be targeted on this , and it should also be an important consideration in any trade agreements that are concluded .
&apos;No &apos; would have been the simple choice : the answer which <unk> easily with <unk> and suited political expediency .
What remains is to ensure that the broadcasts reach the <unk> possible audience .
This new situation forces us no longer to view the world with the same <unk> .
Some new inspiration , some <unk> , must reinvigorate the old method of intergovernmental negotiation .
A pensioner called from Genoa who started by saying that she had a <unk> ’ s <unk> ’ s pension .
I am willing to inform the European Parliament of any changes to the provisions of the code on conflicts of interests or ethical behaviour and will take due account of any views it expresses on such changes .
In the case of Venezuela , moreover , we have to obtain a peaceful , negotiated and democratic solution , given the grave situation being experienced by that country .
In solemn speeches and addresses , such as that given this week in the European Parliament by the Prime Minister of the country currently holding the presidency of the Union , Portugal , the wealth of Europe &apos; s different cultures , traditions , languages and national identities has been emphasised time after time .
In this regard , it is essential that we see our role as one of accompanying the African leaders in the implementation of their own decisions .
However , we shall not be supporting the amendments which introduce safety requirements above and beyond those in the STCW Convention .
That is , the inequalities created by demographic developments , on the one hand between different regions , and on the other hand between urban and rural areas .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , perhaps you will remember that at the time of the Oostlander report , Mr Hänsch <unk> that many people would change their tune when it actually came to giving things up .
I have shown transparency .
With this communication we are starting a strategy at least to arrest acidification , even if it takes a great deal more to allow for the restoration of the stricken <unk> systems .
What you said about the provisions of the directive on a mass influx of displaced persons being applied before it is applied in the Member States was most interesting .
I also welcome point 9 of the proposal which concerns stricter regulations governing advertising .
I support the action in this sense .
<unk> pay is a terrible problem afflicting SMEs especially in the southern Union states like Spain .
Ultimately , it decided unilaterally to abolish the ecopoints system on 31 December .
Moreover , I would like to say that there are two ways of paying debts : there are <unk> who , when they have to pay the debt which has fallen due , do not show up and run away ; then there are others who do without a summer holiday and give up their car in order to pay their debts .
First of all there were objections in our Group to recital E since this refers to the closing down of Radio <unk> in <unk> and it is not certain whether the wording of this accurately reflects the true situation .
During a motion on humanitarian situations in the Middle East last week , the European representatives in the UN committee were divided in their vote .
I believe , with your help , particularly when we have dealt with many of the sensitive political <unk> of recent months and the Conference of Presidents , we have been able to hold together , with the stresses and <unk> and points of emphasis that groups may wish to bring to debates , a coherent parliamentary view .
The rest we are unable to accept .
This reduced quota means that Poland , a potato <unk> , does not produce enough starch to meet domestic demand , and has to import large quantities of this product .
The very success of our integration has already made it unavoidable .
I got the impression that it was as if we were only at the beginning of the debate .
Now I come to the amendments tabled .
But this <unk> policy , this strategy of going ahead with our eyes firmly closed , is probably something that we shall very soon come to regret .
We must try to achieve this through the <unk> education system and invest in a multiplicity of areas as regards teaching methods and increased opportunities .
In this <unk> state mining <unk> are worked , especially by gold <unk> , &apos; <unk> &apos; who are <unk> monitored .
We are all aware of the importance of agriculture for the European Union and the importance of certain agricultural sectors , not for the entire European territory but for very specific areas .
No basis for infringement proceedings was apparent from the reply from Ireland .
Mr Dehaene and Mr <unk> have already said some important things on this issue , but there are three points that I would like to mention .
I know this has been something which Parliament keeps approving in its resolutions , but do we really believe that there is a demand among the public for a European military intervention <unk> ?
These are all objections which , in my view , in actual fact <unk> a certain resistance and the desire to maintain the status quo , the desire not to change , which is the exact opposite of what our citizens are demanding from us .
<unk> are able to trap <unk> <unk> and can protect our seas against <unk> which poses a threat to the reproduction of animal species .
Mr President , I speak on behalf of Mrs Maij-Weggen in this resolution , and we have had some excellent speeches this afternoon .
<unk> <unk> though I am , I do believe there cannot , in that area at least , be enough cooperation .
The unilateral <unk> from Gaza has justifiably raised expectations .
<unk> investments - they have already been mentioned in recital nine - which are to be borne by both the government and the sector .
Thirdly : can it be <unk> from today &apos; s discussion that ECHO will retain its full role of channelling European Union humanitarian aid in crisis situations , or , rather , that the activity of ECHO and humanitarian aid itself will be progressively diluted within the Union &apos; s general policy of cooperation for development ?
Mr President , what we in fact need to do , having listened to the Commissioner ’ s explanations and in order to demonstrate Parliament ’ s goodwill and the Committee on International Trade ’ s willingness to cooperate , is to delete from paragraph 2 , in which the Commission is mentioned , the <unk> , which I will read out in English since that is the original language , However , we will not take part in the vote on the amendments for a fundamental legal reason : we are national Members representing 15 different nations , not a single European nation .
The European Central Bank will have full independence to guarantee monetary stability , but the governments , with their economic and budgetary policies , will have to ensure the optimum conditions for a stable and strong euro in time .
As has already been stated here on previous occasions , the EU has only limited possibilities to interfere with the terms and conditions of energy supply .
My report therefore also deals first and foremost with the subjects of accountability and transparency , that is , modern business practice .
We say &apos;yes &apos; to the European Year against racism , &apos; yes &apos; to actions designed above all to help the integration of the various cultures in their diversity , with respect for the <unk> of each .
Obviously I am not in a position to make a final judgment on that at this stage but naturally the Commission has a desire and the duty to try to ensure that all Community and national legislation is properly enforced and fully respected .
Therefore , in my opinion , two signatures are possibly the most important on the Davignon report , those of the representatives of the European trade unions and the employers .
The <unk> way for people to achieve progress , peace and human development is for them to have the opportunity to produce , to place what they produce on the world market and to be able to acquire new products , based on fair competition rules , on proper monitoring , on respect for the principles of defending human rights , on protecting the environment and on sustainable development .
This represents an opportunity to be in there and influence future developments , which I think is a good thing .
The Commission accepts all the six amendments which are before the House today .
The <unk> agenda is the desire for a common EU military which in time will be able to <unk> NATO .
Amendments Nos 1 and 2 actually go back to the matter I just raised on the sharing of jurisdiction between the European Central Bank and the Member States with regard to regulation and financial matters .
The rapporteur , Mr Costa Neves , <unk> these tendencies as a whole by proposing an increase in payment appropriations - which is something of a positive step - but , at the same time , proposes the allocation to reserve of structural funds and <unk> transfers from operations to administration - which is rather a backward move This area is marked by rapid technological change .
In any event , we do not consider these systems to be strong enough to permit any major advances .
I am therefore looking forward to reporting on the progress made during the next couple of months .
It means therefore that the legislation is there , safety measures are in place , but people are not complying with the law and the consequence is that we have had outbreaks in the UK , France and Ireland and the one in the Netherlands is a direct result of the one in France .
The availability of fuels with a maximum sulphur content of 10 parts per million will remove any remaining technical barriers to the introduction of the most fuel efficient vehicles , which will in turn provide a basis for further reductions in emissions of carbon dioxide .
The interpretation given was clearly mistaken and I should like you to formally confirm this today .
I hope that the digital tachograph will soon be introduced and that the Member States will make the driver cards available , so that we will then have made some progress in bringing a bit more social justice , safety and fair competition onto the European Union ’ s roads .
There does not appear to be any justification for such differences in formal procedures .
We must now define sustainable limit values which will reduce emissions of <unk> into the environment to a minimum , at the same time recognising the necessity of <unk> oils in the <unk> industry .
To cap it all , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , today in the press room of the European Parliament , is a press release strongly attacking Portugal , a European Union country that has only been defending the freedom of Timor , <unk> 3 July 1995 - yes , 3 July 1995 - <unk> the attitude and permanent inflexibility of its authors .
This is a programme that we can really do something about , and if the Union would commit itself to achieving it with all the diplomatic measures at its disposal , we could really give the people of this region fresh hope .
The large city issue is universal .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the situation in Eritrea is escalating by the day .
We would like to do more , as the amendments show , but the plan is , nevertheless , a solid beginning of a comprehensive EU policy in this area .
These points should have been examined before launching any new initiatives .
The explanatory statement clearly records that &quot; no agreement was reached &quot; between Member States , that there was &quot; considerable opposition in the Council &quot; and that there was rejection by &quot; business &quot; .
In the realm of police and judicial cooperation it retains very significant national prerogatives , allowing it to <unk> from common provisions .
I believe that this is unacceptable .
( Parliament adopted the recommendation ) The <unk> is a <unk> version of the MAI , Mr Kreissl-Dörfler said , and he is right .
However , this <unk> , particularly in favour of labour-intensive production , should not benefit from additional support in the form of subsidies or even EU funding .
Mr President , Mr Haarder has described the tragedy of the Prestige as scandalous .
That is what the US Government has done , <unk> more than USD 100 billion into the economy in one year .
We had already defended this point of view with regard to the electricity directive .
I repeat that when a risk presents itself , it can either be overcome , accepted as if it were inevitable , or prevented .
We have attached particular importance to the inclusion of dealers in precious stones , dealers in luxury goods with a value in excess of EUR 50 000 and <unk> .
We regard this as a positive and are thus , in principle , supportive .
Turning to the innovations proposed in the resolution concerning the Article 169 infringement procedure , I am particularly grateful for these contributions because I attach considerable importance to infringement procedures .
Mr <unk> reminded us that the Union is not just about markets , about GDP growth , it is a Union of values that is reflected in the Treaties and is reflected in our obligations in the whole area of external assistance , reflected quite specifically in what we are charged to do .
If these interventions exceed a certain amount , each <unk> will have to obtain the approval of the ECB .
This is because I feel that an <unk> alliance is being formed - one that we also see in other circumstances - in which one side claims it wished the best to be the enemy of the good .
If one wishes to go too far , one becomes counter-productive .
I want to ask him : Does the Council intend to approve this Association Agreement if the appalling human rights abuses continue in Algeria ?
The present agreement may , then be far from perfect , but , as I said earlier , it is acceptable .
I would like sincerely to thank the Council for its understanding on this significant point .
I <unk> from the front <unk> , as it were .
I look forward to welcoming the new accession countries into the EU family on that historic occasion .
It is for us in the European Union to tackle some of the difficult issues across Member States which sometimes individual Member States are not emphasising enough .
I do not have the letter in front of me , but in it the President has pointed out that the Conference of Presidents and the Bureau were fairly unanimous in the point of view they have adopted .
You did <unk> well ! &apos;
However , we must accept as credible the explanation given by the Commission , which I certainly do .
I assure you that we want this Commission to do this work thoroughly , and we want to learn all the lessons we can so that the new Commission , in the year 2000 , has a number of instruments available with which it can work .
Many of these are already suffering from malnutrition and disease and it is vital for all possible pressure to be brought to bear on the warring factions to cease fighting and restore the peace agreement of <unk> .
Our model of community is now being <unk> on other continents .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , as Mr Medina Ortega said , we too must reiterate the unfortunate position of the conflict in Colombia , and highlight that in the Peace Community in La <unk> , in the region of <unk> , there have been three murders since 1997 .
Consequently , more efforts must be made to <unk> potential conflicts in the <unk> as a matter of urgency .
Mr <unk> also said : &apos; it is essential that we continue not just to reaffirm these values , but to insist on their validity . &apos;
They have our full confidence but they are not always the best <unk> of social transformation .
My group must therefore also reject Parliament &apos;s present proposal , as put forward in the report , that we should introduce outright open coordination when it comes to health policy and policy in relation to the elderly .
It highlights the benefits , as I said , and also underlines the more limited costs .
I therefore want to ask you again whether it does not make sense for it to get involved in day-to-day political debate .
The economy is <unk> , there is massive unemployment and the euro zone is <unk> enduring Washington ’ s predatory monetary policy .
Mr President , the Commission takes note of the proposals for resolutions tabled by Parliament on respect for human rights in Central America , the process of democratisation and regional integration , and on the special importance which you attach to the role of the Central American Parliament .
The Liberal group &apos;s assertion that the European resources would not have served new jobs , is unjust .
Nor is the suppression of extraordinary set-aside desirable , particularly since , under the regulations currently in force , it is possible to suspend its application if this appears necessary on the basis of an analysis of the market situation .
According to a report released recently , since 1973 and in the United States alone , 75 prisoners condemned to death were released when it was discovered that they had been wrongly convicted .
The use of &apos;business class &apos; is quite <unk> considering the <unk> treatment animals still receive before they are killed .
I would love to accompany him and speak to the fishermen alongside him .
Our commitment to shared values , our commitment to economic and cultural ties reflected in our military alliance are things that we hold dear .
It is true that amongst the risks we will have to face , there will be financial markets with excessively volatile exchange rates and share prices .
This Parliament is the only parliament - as far as I know - to have discussed the MAI .
We can only endorse these aims that the Commission has set itself .
This is why I am totally behind Parliament ’ s urgent appeal to the Council and the Commission to emphatically urge the Russian authorities to provide a clarification of this <unk> abduction , which has now lasted for more than <unk> days , and to sort this matter out .
EMU will <unk> and reserve economic policy to a <unk> of bank directors , which will considerably undermine democracy .
Mr President , I should like to begin by thanking the two rapporteurs for the work they have done .
We are also aware that we have an expert in our midst , as Mrs Frassoni is a member of the Parliamentary Network on the World Bank .
It is the exploitation of these loopholes which is responsible for the massive fraud which is occurring within the European Union today .
The assessment which the Commission makes is made the subject of negotiation between the Commission and the Member State in question .
And we thought that the belief would take hold that we should use the same energy and the same force to combat unbalanced development in today &apos;s world that we used to combat the terrorist groups .
Mr President , I would very quickly like to go back to the events which took place during the explanation of votes or during the point of order this morning .
We must therefore encourage them , that is what they are waiting for .
So now , Commissioner , here comes my request that we should now be concentrating on the matters in hand !
The Commission is called upon to draw up a survey of national laws in this sphere and , if necessary , to submit suitable proposals setting out the constituent elements of offences .
The present proposal also addresses environmental challenges more closely .
That is why I would ask you to have the Rules Committee examine the motion , thereby preventing the dilemma that might otherwise face us in January .
I encourage the services of the European Commission together with the Member States to recognise the work done by women that is not yet officially recognised , and to do so irrespective of the social status of these women .
His cooperation with the European Parliament has been exemplary , and the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy therefore proposes that <unk> Lamfalussy &apos;s term of office be extended until June 1997 .
You are absolutely right .
The transatlantic negotiations should aim to restore equality .
We have left significant margins , as we agreed in the guidelines in last March &apos;s resolution on the budget .
.
As the Council is consistently pointing out waste , here is an offer it cannot refuse .
Ten years after the removal of our internal borders , one year into the euro , and on the eve of enlargement , now is the time for a major new push to improve the internal market .
I would therefore ask the Commission – through you , Commissioner Mandelson – to devise a scheme whereby , in parallel with the negotiations , a campaign may be <unk> mounted to win the public over to free and fair world trade , enabling people in Europe and around the world to be persuaded of the benefits of global trade and taking them with us as we go down this right and necessary road .
US aircraft dropped thousands of cluster bombs on Afghanistan and Iraq .
It will be at that point that the political responsibility of the Council will clearly be called into question .
We know from experience that that is a bad method which only causes complications .
I do not want to wait around too long before we are told what we will be agreeing to , and who will bear the costs .
We must reflect on all this .
Of course this question can be <unk> by asking whether it would have been possible to introduce such strict regulations in a <unk> market .
We know that the tone of Europe is not that of a <unk> instrument but that of an <unk> , and the same applies to this Parliament .
So far , from the indications we have , the cuts envisaged under the financial perspective as regards fisheries are relatively small , especially in the second instrument , and hopefully it will stay that way .
However , there are two points which the Commission finds difficult to accept .
The debate is closed .
Italy , Spain and Great Britain are cooperating on this .
Therefore , particularly out of respect for you , I must say that I do not approve of this type of behaviour and in fact totally reject this .
At the first reading , concern was expressed about the safety standards of railways in Eastern Europe in particular and also about the advance warning to the public authorities when dangerous goods are being conveyed by train .
Is it not absolutely amazing that you see the <unk> determination to complete the single market with regard to duty free and nothing being done here ?
I wonder , Minister , if that means that you will be publicly putting pressure on Britain , Sweden and Finland , among others , to cease selling arms to places like Indonesia where they have been used in genocide campaigns against the East Timorese .
This leads to <unk> situations , such the Belgian first division club <unk> <unk> usually <unk> eleven <unk> in Belgium ’ s top football <unk> .
He is then prosecuted and banned from driving in the UK for ten years or even for life .
I ask Mr Bonde , Mr <unk> and Mr Wurtz if they could join us .
Many of them , and this is no exaggeration , told us that they hoped that the signing of the agreement would promote a more permanent dialogue with their country , which they felt was still isolated from the West , and that these problems might then be put back on the agenda .
Unfortunately , as it turns out , the international community &apos;s efforts here have proved inadequate .
As you are certainly aware , the Commission is already funding a large number of projects in this field in South-Eastern Europe , and particularly in the former Yugoslavia , with the aim of establishing and strengthening democratic structures by providing aid for the development of a civil society , a culture of openness towards and freedom for the media , and a more robust judicial system .
It was not us who promised the Turkish people rapid accession within a few years ; Turkish politics itself bears sole responsibility for this .
As regards control , there is no mention of the fact that the EU is now in the process of removing all border controls between Member States , which will lead to not only law-abiding people but also law <unk> , for example <unk> <unk> , being able to come and go freely .
Tony Blair should truly be nominated for the <unk> Prize in <unk> for his <unk> , which states that the <unk> increase of a sum is equal to the reduction of the sum – <unk> !
So far as assistance to third countries is concerned , following a few limited common actions , in 2002 the European Union adopted a common action and on that basis launched specific actions involving projects for the collection and destruction of weapons in Africa , Asia , Latin America and the Balkans .
The 2003 report contains surveys of public opinion in those countries which show that the <unk> actually have the highest demand and <unk> for democracy of any region in the world .
They are showing <unk> and a lack of courage in dealing with this particular issue .
Can we expect directives or other more compulsory measures for the industry in the next six or twelve months , or will there only be the communication for the time being ?
Turning now to the question of the <unk> process , I would rather see it as our European future .
The European economy is not performing very well at present and the Greek Presidency is correct to accelerate the Lisbon Process .
The Community has adopted some additional rules for its own waters , which now cover all of the Baltic Sea except for the two small <unk> of Russian waters .
That is a detail .
With this report , Europe has unambiguously defined the two priorities of its foreign policy : a policy concentrating on eastward enlargement and a policy focusing on the Mediterranean area as fundamental in the creation of a future of peace and prosperity .
Special attention was paid to the fact that the annual ceilings for expenditure endorsed in the new financial framework were to be adhered to , and that sufficient leeway was to be left for maximum expenditure under the different headings for unpredictable situations .
It is fairly well known that being sexually aroused by children is not exactly normal behaviour , and for that we should be grateful .
Mr President , this is a very naïve discussion by those who are always opposed to Strasbourg .
And I would not want the opposite view to arise through any misunderstanding in the present report .
If a fair system of world trade is to be developed , binding minimum labour norms such as these , along with compliance with international environmental standards , must be given parity alongside the prevailing WTO trade law .
The politicians , however , must now roll up their <unk> as a matter of urgency , not as carpet dealers , as Mrs Schröder mentioned , but with the necessary vision and courage .
It ordered that there be no debate , declaring that it was of the first importance that there be none .
As for the issue of the Western Sahara , which was mentioned in another question , the Council has been supporting the work of the Secretary-General of the United Nations , the work of his Special Representative for the region , Ambassador <unk> , and that of the Special <unk> , Mr <unk> .
I intend to ask questions , Mr President , and I hope we can find a solution to them tomorrow .
I do not believe that every proposal in the report before us is essential , necessary , useful or desirable .
It can never be stated too strongly that all the directives relating to the health and safety of workers and particularly the definition of responsibility contained in Directive 89 / <unk> / EEC are in force .
Are the rights to education , mobility and accessibility and the right quite simply to establish a family mere details ?
There is no choice .
This report basically contains some good ideas , but it is not ripe .
The promised reforms often exist only on paper , and for this former members of the are mainly to blame .
As regards the delays in payment , which are now as long as six months , you are attacking the consequences and not the cause : the general economic crisis .
It is after all only a question of the words &quot; for 8 years &apos; , and of whether there can be a separate vote on this issue .
I say this because the situation prevailing since 11 September has demonstrated how important development aid is .
The misuse of biotechnology for hostile purposes must be addressed straight away .
It makes me think that there are limits to economic activity and to the extent to which market forces can be allowed to regulate every situation within the internal market .
The Commission &apos; s communication on a Community immigration policy , and the vote on the Pirker report , give us an opportunity to do just that .
In relation to the Financial Perspectives , we must ensure that the <unk> takes place smoothly , and we must resist the temptation to debate everything all over again and start from <unk> .
The European airlines ’ scepticism as to the effectiveness of this instrument , due to the difficulty in proving that carriers from other , <unk> countries are operating unfairly by setting their ticket prices too low , will depend only on the Commission ’ s ability to put this instrument into practice .
We are not just dealing with a <unk> , there are many other areas where regulation is needed , either by means of legislation , rules or standards .
Democracy can only grow if the population truly experiences it .
We want to see much more done in terms of prevention .
There are thus several reasons for not accepting Amendment No 6 .
Therefore it is excellent to discover , as Mr <unk> shows , that it is a matter for the Community Pillar .
<unk> / 2002 by Mr Andrews , on behalf of the UEN Group , on Zimbabwe ; Once a football match is over , only the goals count .
Mr President , this concerns a matter arising from the Minutes in connection with the distribution of the report promised by Mr Kinnock in response to my oral question on Monday , which was raised in the Chamber yesterday afternoon .
Or look at a sea <unk> &apos; s <unk> under the <unk> .
I want to thank the Commission for its full reply .
I deplore the fact that Mr Moscovici has found no deputy .
We have learned from previous planning periods that this is where we face the great risk of such additional criteria , when brought into play by one or other party , all too easily <unk> into a wish list that can no longer be objectively evaluated .
At the end of the day this is just another example of the fact that there is no absolutely safe final storage for nuclear waste .
In particular , it reports contacts made with national authorities .
The Commission and the Council must find a solution to this .
The fourth point I wish to make is that , in order to reinforce this cooperation and to incorporate it into the same framework as the other agreements and cooperative projects , we should ensure that regular contacts are established between the European Parliament and the <unk> , so that the research cooperation can be monitored and promoted at parliamentary level .
It therefore recommends that the House approve the joint draft , recognizing the immense importance of this programme , which is fundamental to the success of all the current and future programmes in the area of public health .
So I think we need to look at the legal basis a lot more closely than just simply saying that these are products derived from primary agricultural products .
What will the European Union do when it is too late for us to act on these matters ?
Finally , I should like to say that I hope that the Council will soon be adopting practical proposals on how this is to be done .
Despite expectations of prosperity cultivated by propaganda , the consequences of integration will be catastrophic for the economy of these countries , where production is still far lower than it was during the last years of <unk> .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 9 a. m . I wondered if the President-in-Office would comment on the fact that this is a problem not just in Greece but in a number of Member States and whether he will commit his own government to review the political balance of the UK representation on the Committee of the Regions ?
In particular , the aspect concerning the definition of exports is something we must look into very closely .
Amendments 3 to 8 should be considered together with Amendment 17 , since they quote objectives which were already covered in the Council ’ s conclusions of 19 July 2004 , regarding fisheries partnership agreements .
<unk> <unk> is already taken for granted in firms .
As regards the operation of the internal market , the truth is , Mr President , that there continue to be violations of the concept of a Single Market , specifically in the area of the free movement of goods .
I will therefore vote against it , despite the fact that it contains a number of positive elements .
Mr President , in submitting the Budget for the coming year , the Commission has this time chosen a new method of presenting the figures .
<unk> of paper are generated , private and not so private discussions are held , and all in all a great many good intentions are announced , as is the desire to play a major economic and increasingly political role on the world stage in the general interest .
If these guidelines adopted by the Member States complement the objective of price and currency stability set by the Central Bank , companies will begin to invest again and so create jobs .
But 10 years of discussion , reflection and hesitation is the time it takes for a child to become an <unk> and to discover such destructive and <unk> <unk> , without being ready to measure and to master them .
The issue , however , is not only access to the Kaliningrad region , for beyond it , of course , lies Greater Russia .
If she is a better lawyer than them , then I look forward to hearing from her .
If we keep giving the Community more responsibility , I do not believe , given the relatively restricted apparatus of the Commission , that it will be in a position to accomplish everything the Member States have so far been able to do with their much more extensive administrative resources .
I would like to end with Question No 9 by Mr <unk> De Rossa .
If , in order to guarantee a successful WTO agreement , we have to choose between two options , then we would pick decoupling rather than price reduction .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a. m . I think what the <unk> did is great , and I hope that Turkey too , in this respect , will opt for this solution out of conviction .
The objective here is to fulfill the principles enshrined in the Treaty by providing the shipbuilding sector with fair and uniform conditions of competition within the Community so that , subsequently , the sector may survive without state aid , in compliance with market rules and conditions .
Not because food in the acceding countries would not be safe , that is not what I am saying , but I am worried about the lack of good networks in the new Member States that could carry out inspections and <unk> consumer confidence .
As for using such a system for military ends , if one wished to - I see that you are still impressed by my line of reasoning , are you not ?
Mr President , Mr Esteve has indeed prepared an excellent report .
We need to act by pushing ahead on so-called <unk> related concerns during WTO negotiations .
I am therefore very much looking forward to the communication that the Commissioner has announced regarding the further details of Article 7 of the Treaty of the European Union .
Unlike the rapporteur , the PPE group is firmly opposed to the introduction of an open coordination method in the area of asylum policy .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
They are threatening to take measures against our airlines if they fail to do as they are told , which is hardly what one expects from friends and allies .
The Liberal Group supports the main thrust of the proposal as it stands and is pleased that the original proposal to extend it to include undertakings has now been dropped , so that it is now purely concerned with the interest earned by physical persons .
To date , none of these proposals has been translated into action .
I hope that the Mediterranean Foundation and then the Bank will also be approved straight away , for the question of peace <unk> on this .
What was achieved , in fact , was an institutionalized communication on the second pillar , an institutionalized communication between the <unk> of our foreign policy and the activities of the Council in that second pillar , which had not previously been agreed or laid down .
Madam President , Mr President-in-Office , Commissioner Barnier , ladies and gentlemen , next week &apos; s summit in Feira could be an important summit if the work it is to do is carried out properly .
I should like to ask you to take note of our objection , Mr President , and to do whatever you can to put a stop to this unacceptable pressure .
Perhaps there is a <unk> lobby at the Commission , I do not know .
Mr President , I have voted in favour of this report .
.
The dialogue between the EU and Central America has already borne fruit .
Congratulations are due to Bulgaria , to the Bulgarian government and all the political parties , the Bulgarian state , Bulgarian society and the Bulgarian people .
Let us not underestimate this .
However , I have asked my staff to look into the feasibility of making such a calculation and I will report back to you as soon as possible .
Mr President , this is a political chamber and I believe that as a political chamber the first question we should consider , as should the Commission , is why this proposal has caused so much <unk> and so much reaction .
First of all , I would like to speak mainly about the general aspects and then I would like to speak again at the end about the various tabled amendments and the Commission &apos;s stance on those amendments .
I am not the first to remind you that the draft budget for the year 2000 anticipates a spectacular fall in the level of our aid , a two thirds reduction of the commitment appropriations from EUR <unk> to <unk> million , at the very time when , quite the opposite , it is the strengthening of international mobilisation which is needed .
It should be noted that 80 % of <unk> smokers in the EU are below the age of 18 .
Let me refer to the report in saying that the assertion made by the <unk> - that is , the <unk> , who laid the original charges - appears to stand up , as the copy of the judgment submitted to us - the reference number of which <unk> me - contains evidence that he did in any case , even bearing in mind his position as an MEP and the consequent status that position gave him , give at least moral support to the offence of <unk> .
I do not think so , and there is absolutely no reason to grant special advantages if we want to harmonize certain fiscal regulations within the scope of the euro .
Nor has the Santer Commission only been in office since yesterday .
Important decisions lie before us .
During ten days of <unk> and flows , the Israelis talked much about the historic distress that <unk> the Jewish nation and people .
We need full cooperation , leaving aside the hypocritical <unk> of <unk> <unk> .
I should point out , in addition , that Article 2 of the EC / Palestinian Interim Association Agreement clearly states that mutual cooperation between the parties &quot; has to be based on the respect of democratic principles and fundamental human rights as set out in the Universal Declaration on Human Rights which <unk> their internal and international policy &quot; .
Mr President , we have to address this question of the ageing of our population from the point of view of having a society for all ages , as our motion indicates .
Finally , the participants in the Conference must understand clearly that these matters are subject to the will of the people , that the will of the people is expressed by parliaments , and that they alone are its <unk> .
It has to be the case that actual travel costs and only those costs are reimbursed .
We welcome the fact that it puts forward measures intended to ensure compliance with the Kyoto Protocol , despite the USA &apos;s unacceptable position of refusing to ratify it .
In other words , there is a parallel between the powers of recommendation we have exercised so far in budgetary matters and those that we can extend into the economic field .
We must not <unk> ourselves .
This is what is happening with the countries of South-East Asia , Central Asia , the former Soviet republics and the Baltic republics .
But when this Parliament and certain groups and certain Members in particular cut it back even more and do not want even to accept the Commission ’ s proposal for a minor <unk> from road to rail , then in my opinion there is no longer much point to it .
Mr President , I welcome the report by Mrs <unk> , but at the same time I would like to remind you that the debate today is not about <unk> or <unk> issues ; it must primarily be about safety .
One point I would like to raise finally while we are on the subject of mobility is the ongoing case in one of the Member States of the European Union with which I have been involved for the last five years , namely the question of foreign <unk> in Italy .
Instead , the Oostlander report , even improved as it has been by amendment , is <unk> .
I urge the Council to establish quantifiable goals , and specific , <unk> action programmes to combat exclusion , based on indicators which provide considerable information so that closer cooperation can be translated into tangible and effective action , more in the social results that it achieves than in satisfying electoral needs .
As far as the six points are concerned , such as the incineration of <unk> and organic waste , I support the veto requested by <unk> .
The Balkan states are in a very vulnerable position .
Having read the legal recommendations this afternoon - I received them this afternoon , but they are <unk> 27 November - I am now more convinced than ever that a second paragraph needs to be added to Article <unk> of the Treaty , as Mr Tsatsos and a number of governments have proposed , <unk> that legislation may be adopted in accordance with the codecision procedure .
With just over three months , we do not have much time left for a final decision .
And apart from this particular incident , faced with the constant rise in the number of cases of illicit traffic in general , which implies a considerable risk for the population and the environment , the Commission wishes to emphasize that we and the European Parliament need to be constantly working on this .
Ten dollars per <unk> of oil was far too low a price and , furthermore , it had negative effects on our economies , although this seems more complicated to explain .
Integrated action at the level of macro-economic policy , the domestic market , policies on the labour market , structural funds and mobilization of all the players in a search for convergence in the fight against unemployment and for jobs .
The tense international situation provides further evidence every day that the economies and societies in the Mediterranean <unk> need to <unk> to become more prosperous , more socially cohesive and more democratic .
The switch to <unk> paints and <unk> has meant that <unk> consumption in Austria has fallen by about 50 % since 1990 .
However , there was a general feeling amongst those who supported the idea and those who , on balance , did not , that more information , clarification and consultation was needed on the content of a framework directive .
<unk> must also , and above all , be laid on the shoulders of the Belgian Government under <unk> Dehaene , which has allowed our wage costs to become some of the highest in the world , which for years has <unk> our demands for more firms to have their financial and economic base in Flanders , and which has sold out practically the entire Belgian economy to exclusively foreign and French interest groups .
I welcome the discussion about quality at work and about not only creating more job opportunities but also increasing the quality of those jobs .
The <unk> group - like the Commission - opposes any amendment of Article 90 ( 2 ) of the Treaty .
Could I ask him to focus some attention on the import side .
I completely agree with Mrs Theato that this can only be done if all the papers held by the Commission are also passed through to the Committee on Budgetary Control .
We all know that there is some <unk> up to be done in the Lisbon process , and we are delighted to hear that you want to put the train to Lisbon on a fast track .
It is far more serious , humiliating and painful than it is possible to describe in this Chamber or at any other meeting .
I also voted to ensure that the EU <unk> its commitments to some of the poorest countries in the world to allow duty-free and <unk> access from 2009 to our markets for their sugar through the <unk> Initiative .
The joint paper , which was endorsed by the Council , supports the work of President <unk> Ahtisaari .
<unk> with the staff are already under way and interinstitutional consultation has started in parallel .
This report expresses serious concern over the latter , and rightly so .
The fact is that the Member States simply do not have the necessary will to surrender their sovereignty in order to tackle the problem .
That is the third point .
( Applause from the right ) .
Why are all the other European parties taking so long ?
East Timor One is the question of the development of the countryside and the other is urban policy .
Although it is many years since the International Energy Agency ’ s response measures have been tested , the organisation was able very quickly to reach a view that the disruption to the world markets was large enough to justify releasing stocks , and to reach agreement with its member states that stocks should be released .
.
I wholeheartedly welcome Mrs Prets ’ report on combating the trafficking of slaves and those who are vulnerable to sexual exploitation .
The compromise amendments we are presenting to plenary , together with the Socialist Group and the Liberal Group ( Amendments Nos 19 to 32 ) are the result of this concern that we all share .
Mr President , I welcome the Commission proposals towards a fair and efficient pricing as a means of establishing fairer competition between transport modes .
I should also like to thank the Commission for its proposal .
Given the possible forthcoming division of Serbia and Montenegro , what is the Commission &apos;s view of the situation in the <unk> of <unk> <unk> , which is split between these two <unk> ?
In this respect , the Commission is urged to introduce sufficient flexibility in its management in order to respond appropriately to the multiannual and non-compulsory nature of these expenses .
This motion speaks wrongly of the need for democracy to be <unk> or reinstated .
<unk> traffic in Central Europe is increasing at a rate of 5 % a year , which leads to an increase in congestion .
As a result , such a move cannot be reconciled with the present Treaties .
The extended collection of documents , which , as you know , comprises a curriculum <unk> , a mobility pass and other papers , is a standardised supplementary instrument .
As an extension of the rapporteur &apos; s approach , I should like to draw your attention to Sunday &apos; s being a collective day of rest .
<unk> , though , the European Parliament has done its job , and a qualified majority of Parliament has <unk> the text that was submitted at first reading on the Commission ’ s original proposal in order to make it a <unk> instrument that encourages the free provision of services , while avoiding any form of social dumping .
Specifically as a result of this , in the current ad hoc procedure , we propose that a sum of <unk> million units of account be placed in the reserve .
It would be good if these measures could also be adopted by other governments instead of waiting until the EU requests them to do so .
<unk> long periods of protection for patents and registration data would have particularly harsh consequences for less wealthy countries whose market economies , which act as a guarantee of normal economic conditions , have only been in place for a short time .
This wording belongs to 19th century thinking not to that of 1998 .
I would just like to finish by saying that the report itself is excellent and I hope that it gets full support .
( PT ) In order to ensure lasting peace and international security , it is necessary and clearly feasible to move from a security programme determined by military considerations to a system of civil security that targets the economic , social , ecological , ethnic and cultural causes of conflicts , and to adopt a preventive approach to <unk> and deal with the causes of predictable and acute situations of conflict in Europe and throughout the world .
Secondly , it is hard to believe that there are soldiers of different EU <unk> controlling borders that are not their own .
Neither do we agree on removing our proposal on <unk> consent .
My thanks also to the parliamentary delegation for their patience during this odd conciliation night and to <unk> <unk> and Klaus <unk> for their administrative support , but I should like to single out <unk> Imbeni , our delegation Chairman that evening , who dragged away our major points from the <unk> of hell or at any rate from the <unk> of the Council .
We Europeans need , as the first building block in our common foreign policy , to start by together defining what our security interests are .
They feed tensions of all kinds .
Obviously it must also investigate alternative uses for raw tobacco and its environmental impact .
How does the Council view the current state of relations between the EU and Ukraine , and what initiatives has the Presidency undertaken to intensify cooperation with the Black Sea states ?
The vote will take place today at 11.30 a. m . We were clearly agreed on this and I am keen to underline that point .
We can include as many processing deadlines as we like in the regulation , but without any competition these figures are meaningless .
The EU and its Member States are making significant use of resources in matters of development .
They are not intended to replace national education , but rather to solve social problems , and the results are excellent .
Part of the Daphne report contains information about the European campaign to raise awareness of the issue of violence against women , and this was launched in Cologne under the German presidency last month .
Mr President , it is a pleasure for me to answer Mrs <unk> ’ s first question .
Mr President , over the last few days the European Union has faced - indeed it is still facing - two crucial political questions which bear on its common foreign and security policy .
If you make the claims , you must expect to see them tested , but they should be tested fairly , simply and in a cost-effective way to leave a regime of <unk> and user-friendly practices .
This cannot be right , Mr President !
I would like the President to write to me , so that I can explain to the Delegation for relations with the United States why we were refused a meeting with Jacques Santer but you later this morning will be having a meeting with the President of the Commission .
Let us show ourselves , we the Europeans , to be capable of making up for what could be interpreted , perhaps even for electoral reasons , as giving up .
Indeed , elections that go well will <unk> trust in the people , also for subsequent parliamentary elections .
Which Member allowed entry to the people responsible for the demonstration ?
We can live very well with that and it fully <unk> our requirements under the world trade agreement government purchases annex .
SMEs in particular seem to be split on this issue .
The opposite is true !
The proposal tabled by the Commission is therefore a welcome one and should be adopted by Parliament once the proposals for improvement , tabled by the Socialist Group in the European Parliament and other parliamentary groups , have been incorporated .
We believe that <unk> is probably a forgotten country , which has been helped by its integration into Mercosur , and , from that point of view , it is important that our relations with <unk> should improve the situation , and that Brussels should find a way to help that country and at the same time remind it , as we will surely do later in the case of <unk> , of the democratic clause which is the inspiration for all our actions .
The opinion of the Committee on Petitions is intended to bring to light the aspirations expressed by the Europeans who refer their cases to Parliament in matters of <unk> of rights granted by the European Union .
This will as far as possible ease the burden on the retail trade and small businesses .
With regard to the policy on interinstitutional information and transparency , in general , I am very much in favour - particularly on issues relating to the environment , with regard to which there is great sensitivity , which seems <unk> important - of our all being informed punctually of the development of the various programmes .
My specific question is : is it true that there are still some EU institutions that have age barriers so that if you are over a certain age , you cannot be employed by them ?
There were other ways to apply pressure .
Parliament has good staff ; some of them are more than just good , and the Conciliation Committee Secretariat , sitting over there today , has certainly had the most work to do , far more than I have had myself .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I think that we have to be careful not to confuse fundamental problems with organisational ones .
In this connection , I would remind you that Korea , the Middle East and Macedonia were discussed as well as Iraq , for they are all part of a very complex international situation .
But at least the late hour of this debate has not kept us from making a sober assessment of the Barcelona Process , and the rapporteur is certainly to be commended for her <unk> report .
The proposal is moving in the right direction in that it provides measures to stimulate initiatives promoting European production by agreement with the Member States and producer organizations .
I agree with the reference to Article <unk> as an insurance instrument .
We know that the levels of these substances are constantly increasing in our food chain .
The whole issue also needs to be raised in the context of enlargement .
Rule 51 deals with written declarations .
The recommendation also says that information on conditions of use in the different Member States should be provided when issuing the parking card .
Nothing has been done , nothing has been decided .
The most important question still to be settled is on procedural aspects of the complaints procedure .
However , it is important for us to examine first how this can be done via research , projects and experiments .
Mr President , rapporteur , ladies and gentlemen , I hope that I am able to answer the question as to whether we deserve to have the discharge granted in the <unk> .
The citizens of those regions , including myself and Mr Aldo , are therefore voters and can be elected representatives within the European Union .
However , there has fortunately been much greater public awareness of the size of the problem and the need to act so that many countries have endeavoured to include environmental issues in their planning processes and <unk> .
The subject of children in Romania is , as you know , one of the subjects on which the Commission is most intensively employed , including me personally .
Member States stated this commitment during the informal meeting of ECOFIN at <unk> on 21 and 22 September .
I note with interest his reference to telecommunications and the changes in the shape of the communication industry .
Parliament has come to the end of the agenda .
In this context , we are examining where counter-terrorism cooperation elements can be added to , or form part of new agreements , as has been the case in our association agreements with Lebanon , Algeria and Chile .
In this respect - let me repeat this - cooperation with Europe is a form of encouragement to take the same approach as we do , that is to invest in the future .
No doubt we all agree on that .
The vital thing is not whether or not the stability pact is adopted in Amsterdam .
I do not mind that because the single market for rolling stock should be allowed to work .
When will you make it compulsory ?
We are , admittedly , being consulted , but the Council is not here .
The same goes for paragraph 10 , in which ‘ concrete and positive recommendations ’ are mentioned , whereas the English text only mentions ‘ concrete ’ , and not positive , recommendations .
What is worse , the European model is recommended to Member States and in Poland , for example , I have noticed that the greater the <unk> between budget execution reports prepared by the <unk> Chamber of Control and the reports of the European Court of Auditors , the less real information they contain about irregularities and abuses that are occurring .
I hope that when it comes to the next interinstitutional agreement we will have learnt lessons from this one , especially in category 4 .
They are Amendments Nos <unk> , <unk> , 12 , <unk> and 22 .
We are on the eve of <unk> the Europe we want , and we want it to be more intergovernmental and more <unk> .
They have obsolete industrial plants which are a serious risk to the environment , and outdated nuclear power plants which are also a risk to health and safety .
The question is whether we need a common set of rules in the area of competition to make some countries suitable to participate in cooperation in the future .
Mr President , I have five points to make .
Moving on to the protocol itself , this is not an agreement of overwhelming importance , but a modest agreement which concerns just <unk> tuna vessels and three trawlers .
An initial attempt has been made to improve the <unk> of this Chamber , but they are still not at all satisfactory , as you are aware .
Mr President , as rapporteur for agricultural policy funding under Agenda 2000 , I should like to begin by expressing my appreciation to the German Presidency for the opportunities granted by the German Government for a trialogue on agricultural policy .
The Commission is playing the lead role in coordinating and delivering EU assistance in support of civil society and democratisation in Belarus .
The result was a document setting out in detail the conditions under which the Union is prepared to strengthen its links with Croatia , Bosnia-Herzegovina , the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Albania .
Mrs McCarthy , I do not see that there is any difference , but so that we do not waste any more time , we are going to vote as you requested .
<unk> elements to prevent <unk> are awareness – raising and consumer information .
As Romano Prodi rightly said , these countries stretch from Russia to Morocco .
May I add a few examples ?
Will Europe succeed ?
I agree with Mr Pérez Royo that the electricity , gas , water and telephone companies must get involved by stating their customers &apos; bills in euros as well as local currency .
The Commission is doing everything it can to improve the efficiency of the internal market for insurance .
They got rid of Communism and we did not help them .
But more than anything it <unk> us that the <unk> old <unk> system instigated by the United Nations is not working any more .
The Swedish model for policy on alcohol went a long way to reducing the widespread alcohol abuse .
Eurojust should bring real added value compared with the existing instruments .
It was not until five years later that Saddam Hussein was <unk> into accepting UN Security Council Resolution <unk> which set up the present <unk> programme .
Mr President , Commissioner , Minister , rapporteurs , I wholly support the objective underlying the raft of proposals we are about to vote on , that of <unk> the internal market with liberalisation and the introduction of a system of genuine competition in a sector such as the telecommunications sector which is vitally important for Europe , its economy and the well-being of its citizens .
Thirdly , Commissioner , not all , but many crises to which we must react can be prevented .
We saw the widespread poverty and the problems facing health and education but also some possibilities that are opening up , such as initiatives arising from cooperation , which are taking place at every level , either under the auspices of the government or which are being implemented by NGOs , the interesting use of <unk> , even though it benefits limited numbers of people , and the role and the particularly difficult situation of women .
However , I do n &apos;t think they can simply announce that they &apos;re introducing an <unk> heavy goods vehicle tax , say this is our standard and expect the rest of Europe to fall into line , just because they , the Swiss , say so !
I am in favour of setting up a European economic government .
In the motion for a resolution presented by Mr <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs , there is another very interesting proposal , and that is that it is not just a matter of the European Parliament cooperating with the Commission in the negotiations at the Hague Conference , but also of setting up a kind of parliamentary forum – a job that this Parliament could do – which would bring us together with members of national parliaments .
Unfortunately we met some reluctance among the Member States to make the EUR 1 million contributions we requested from each of them .
That is employment .
We also tackled the issues of Members &apos; expenses and payment of the pensions .
The opposition of one Member State prevented this happening on a strong legal basis , notably articles 100 and 235 of the EC Treaty , which required unanimity .
But while we hear the message , what we lack is the belief .
From the outset , let me say that I also welcome the report and I congratulate the rapporteur on his work .
The report takes us forward in this direction with important and clear tasks .
We have to make it abundantly clear that fair play in sport involving saying a firm ‘ no ’ to forced prostitution .
It is technically very complicated .
There is expected to be a <unk> in services based on these numbers over the next few years , and I have stressed that the development of European numbers also needs to take account of the development of global numbers .
This <unk> between the parliaments is intended to maintain the Council &apos;s position of power .
The disaster resulted in serious drinking water contamination and environmental pollution in Romania , the Ukraine , Slovakia and Hungary .
The main measures announced by Mrs Gradin last year have still not seen the light of day - the initiative on combining the texts relating to immigration and asylum , or temporary protection .
The IMF payments are making a clear statement .
This will not be the central issue .
Nevertheless , I would emphasise one very specific aspect , that of tailored support for employees , because general responses are not the only option .
Whilst it left the Council very happy , we in Parliament realised that we had probably made an enemy of the Commission by agreeing to that deal .
Two obstacles remain .
Nevertheless we may say that this text is acceptable provided - in our opinion - that the amendments tabled by the rapporteur and approved by the Committee on the Environment are approved by Parliament : secondly because , as everyone has already said , it reaffirms a co-decision of Parliament together with the Council ; thirdly because it needs to be said that the logic of delays risks being an excuse for fresh delays and for giving industry a chance to find new loopholes .
Over recent days , the authorities of these regions have been meeting in the Canary Islands to analyse , together with the representatives of the European Commission and the three States involved , the situation of these special regions in relation to social and economic cohesion .
In the case of Amendment 2 , on Eurostat , the Commission submitted a situation report on 12 April 2006 dealing with the Eurostat affair .
The Member States took ten centuries to achieve monetary unification in their territories and the Community has done the same in little more than 40 years .
In our opinion this optimism reflects an intention and an attempt to create a climate conducive to an economic policy strategy which are in no way worthy of the <unk> water contained in today &apos;s analyses , and similarly cannot , if they are followed , bear out the optimistic tone of the forecasts for the future .
Let us remove these names that we have no right to use ...
Nor does it fall in with the need to prioritise those measures which provide the greatest benefits in terms of cost .
First of all a discovery : the European Union is not doing too badly .
Our first proposal is that the European Commission delegates in South Africa be given the power to <unk> expenditure on projects up to a maximum ceiling of ECU 500 , 000 .
I would not have expected such events there , under such a government .
It is vital , however , that the EU countries are not , from the very start , guilty of politically influenced discrimination towards the new Member States , as this would be seen by public opinion in Central and Eastern Europe as being an indication that some applicant countries were &apos;more welcome in the EU &apos; than others .
<unk> political signs are , however , reaching us , allowing some <unk> and uncertainties to remain as regards completing the ratification process for the Association Agreement .
This system defies belief !
If we want to serve the environment and well-being , we must limit the unnecessary transportation of trade supplies and ensure that the remaining transportation of people and goods takes place by car and by aircraft as little as possible .
Transport by sea accounts for 90 percent of transport to countries outside the Union .
I would like to thank them for their contributions and for their clarification of the many individual points that have been raised in connection with this proposal which naturally has a far-reaching and important political content , but one which is at the same time a very technical proposal .
All this I have said in order to drop a <unk> , and I hope that the interpreters understand what I mean by that .
However it would appear that unless there are increased efforts on the part of the Member States , it will not be possible to achieve the goal of producing 15 % of the overall primary energy demand from renewable energy sources by the year 2010 .
At the same time , we must reduce the tax burden on labour and reduce budget deficits .
At the heart of the European climate change programme that the Commission has set up is the preparation of concrete proposals for action , several of which have already been adopted by this House .
The instruments mentioned in the report are proof of the outstanding pragmatism of women in general , and in particular of Mrs Smet , who I would like to congratulate on her work .
Madam President , <unk> <unk> and I reject any way in which private capital might be introduced into postal services .
We are now discussing in the Convention and elsewhere , the question of holding the Community organs to their proper competences and I am delighted that this regulation passes <unk> in that respect .
In our view , the Council &apos;s decision to reduce these appropriations is all the more unfortunate because it is now that the regions are in most need of help on their way towards Community integration .
It would read as follows : &quot; <unk> the Bureau ruling on budget line No <unk> following the answers from the political groups to the Court of Auditors &apos; special report . &quot;
<unk> responsibilities are the <unk> for technical assistance ?
I wonder therefore what thought has been given to the way in which , when the processes are coordinated , it might be possible to retain the special character of each particular one .
However , it is important to note that the common position incorporates some new features in relation to Regulation No <unk> / 91 , notably the amendment to Article 1 ( 1 ) ( i ) concerning Article 2 ( 1 ) ( a ) , first indent , of Regulation ( EEC ) No <unk> / 91 , which consisted in changing the form so that the first indent of Article 2 ( 1 ) ( a ) , as <unk> , remained consistent overall and there would be no detrimental anomalies in legal terms .
The social partners play an important role in this committee , and she is seeking to restrict the social partners &apos; right to appoint their representatives .
Similarly , it cannot be the duty of this Parliament to accept that the Member States want to reorganise their budgets to the detriment of the European Union budget .
The European Commission must also focus on disseminating the results of best practices , which is why <unk> methods need to be found , with much better <unk> and efficiency than those available under past policies and both the Member States of the European Union and candidate countries must work with the European Union and take appropriate steps to disseminate best practices and adopt all the new models which account for the performance of the best countries .
We should not be seen as an enemy of the Council and the Commission , nor as a <unk> body , but as a willing and equal partner to them .
Not only has it had to <unk> the transfer of sovereignty , no sooner did the flags change than Hong Kong - like the rest of Asia - was hit by the financial crisis .
Those of us who are not scientists must rely on the judgment and evaluation of <unk> qualified people .
Does the Commissioner not think it a touch strange that representatives of the industry to be regulated , that is to say the industry which produces toys and other items for children , should act as chairmen of the standardisation committees whose job it is to establish rules , at national or other levels , for those products that are released onto the market ?
This is an example of good practice which should be applied more widely .
With regard to investment in education , this is an area in which I would let subsidiarity prevail , and I share the regrets of those Members who say that fine words should be followed up with budgetary resources .
We wish to demonstrate solidarity with the family and friends of <unk> and also our complete solidarity with the Popular Party , a political family to which the murdered man belonged .
I understood how important agriculture and sheepmeat production are to the Irish and to Irish agriculture .
They employ most of the workers .
<unk> the Association Agreement will not help Europe to play its part and become the key negotiator it would like to be .
Allow me , however , to address the President-in-Office of the Council and to put to him the urgent plea that the Council apply the same yardsticks , the same criteria .
I am also pleased to see that the seamen of the , including the master , have now been released and have returned to Greece and the Philippines .
Instead , you said there is no conflict in a situation where a person of experience receives a salary from the European Central Bank and a pension from some former position .
This debate is the last of the many debates we have had with the Commissioner .
It has a common objective and method .
Nobody is better placed than the Members of the European Parliament to give due weight to the importance of not accepting compromises when it comes to safety in transport , particularly air transport .
The opt-out system , especially , will override the <unk> system .
No one can talk their way out of that one , because we know that two years are tight enough as it is .
It is not fair to <unk> any person not agreeing with it and to say that there has been aggressive opposition on the part of lobby groups .
There can of course be no doubt that if Turkey is seeking accession it must share the European Union ’ s values and objectives as enshrined in the Treaties .
The Council , however , did not state a position on the substance of the actual proposal but asked that it be considered further .
I therefore look forward to a positive reply .
Chancellor Schröder , who is <unk> in office , and particularly so at European level , is providing against the future by saying that we must not place too high hopes in the German Presidency .
These principles will also be a <unk> to people in other parts of the world who want to take the first step on that long , democratic road .
Mr President , Commissioner Lamy , you rightly referred to many points and I am grateful to my fellow Members for saying how indebted we are to you for the way in which you led the negotiations in Seattle .
It is hardly necessary to emphasize that Algeria is an important partner of the European Union in the Barcelona process .
The Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union must also become a treaty document in time .
Mr <unk> said to us yesterday that the Brussels European Council had carefully avoided getting to the crux of the matter .
Social cohesion is achieved through other methods .
Mr President , &apos; <unk> the sky is borne on the shoulders of women &apos; , a successful man once said .
The main element in this strategy of rapprochement will be the accession partnership which is currently being prepared and which will set out the short- and medium-term priorities which Turkey must meet , in accordance with the Copenhagen criteria , in the political , economic and Community acquis areas .
It contains positive aspects , such as for example the <unk> that the European Union is a union of states which , therefore , are equal with one another , although the necessary institutional consequences are not drawn here .
It would not give me the same warm feeling , the feeling that I have now .
Those also include the risks that these entail , considering the differences in financial policy of the EU countries and that of the United States .
With this explanation of vote , I intend to highlight the fact that the intense debate <unk> up by an issue that , in reality , involves less than 1 % of our resources should prompt Parliament and the Commission to adopt the precautionary principle , so as not to underestimate the impact of this matter on public opinion , to which we refer when we seek consensus for Europe .
Despite the fact that there may now be a way of safeguarding this capital - the <unk> of the <unk> of the workers - by <unk> pension funds , we are told that we must not do this , because the national governments want to get their hands on private pension funds as well .
Secondly , countering relocation which is an objective economic process involving an effort to reduce manufacturing costs and thus improve the competitiveness of businesses in the global economy .
<unk> banking fees were <unk> .
I agree with the rapporteur on two issues .
The whole point of the free market is that supply and demand even out at a specific price .
I have received , pursuant to Rule <unk> ( 4 ) of the Rules of Procedure , an opposition from the Technical Group of Independent Members , to the interpretation proposed by the Committee on Constitutional Affairs to Rule 29 ( 1 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
In this respect , a few of the <unk> made by Heads of State of the Member States of the European Union seem to me to be extremely worrying , such as those made by President Chirac , who appears to be determined to convince Europeans of the kindness of the promises of the new dictator <unk> .
&quot; Wolf !
We continue to take the view that the European Union &apos;s record of success would be massively <unk> by Turkish accession .
For these reasons , since I am convinced that a drugs strategy cannot ultimately be based on the approach set out by Mrs d &apos;Ancona , I am voting against the motion .
At the same time , the ACP countries also include a number of countries in which religious practices still prevail over the rule of law .
My second question concerns the following .
As you can imagine , this was a tense and complicated meeting .
The next step , i. e. institutional reform , will be taken following the inauguration of the new Intergovernmental Conference , in which the European Parliament will be fully involved .
Of course , we regret the death of Mr <unk> <unk> , but yesterday 90 soldiers were buried with their faces <unk> off , and we should also regret the violent acts carried out by military and paramilitary groups .
While the targets are now indicative , Member States must still commit to adopting and aiming to achieve national energy savings targets , and to taking cost-effective measures designed to achieve these targets .
Mr Blak , you say that this time we do not mention Denmark .
But no , far from it , these proposals intend to make these social imbalances permanent and furthermore , Mr President , they forget about the women farmers and agricultural workers , who contribute so much to European agriculture .
The amendment seeks a wording which is not at present consistent with the corresponding article .
If Parliament wishes to play its role , it needs to put an end to <unk> action , under all its <unk> , both policing and military .
<unk> of the future of renewable energy sources do not depend on financial input , as their status in the whole field of energy will never be anything more than marginal .
Firstly , national conferences are being or will be held in Member States , nearly all of them on the subject of this communication .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution ) It also advocates gradual and reciprocal liberalisation of trade .
The Greens , by contrast , have a clear position .
( 2 ) <unk> the motion that we have put forward to several people - including Jacques Delors - to open up the debate and allow the European citizens to participate through European elections .
Mr President , I believe that we would do well to be satisfied – I would say very satisfied – with the result that we are achieving .
Did they not brutally force through their positions ?
Fisheries is another point of <unk> with the Council which we hope we can resolve with the <unk> in the coming few weeks .
There is only one serious thing in this story : we now know that mad cow disease is transmissible to man .
If we are left with an overwhelmingly negative impression , then this will have a corresponding effect on our work .
If you look at the <unk> for liberalization , scarcely anything has been done at European level .
In the European Union we must ensure unity of action .
It is not an <unk> of policies .
We must be in a position to partially put aside our ideological differences and our party differences .
Mr President , the success of the US operation in Iraq and the speed with which the objective of <unk> the country from the dictatorship of Saddam Hussein was achieved , with a relatively low toll of victims , are confirmation of what many had thought , namely that the war was going to be the least difficult part of this operation .
Both sides justify their positions with scientific advice .
This is demanded of us by our obligations under the Treaty .
My question has been partially answered , President-in-Office , because you talked about the current recommendation .
Of course , we must maintain this clause in all the cooperation agreements , as the European Parliament says .
Sir Leon Brittan is visiting Washington on 24 and 25 September in this connection .
There is a chance - and here of course we are <unk> to know what will happen - that you will receive the newly elected German <unk> in Pörtschach .
By promoting peace , prosperity and stability in the region , the European Union will not only be contributing to the welfare and security of the region but also to its own security .
‘ The Commission will take due account of any request made by the European Parliament to the Commission to submit a proposal to suspend or restore Community assistance , and will provide a prompt and sufficiently detailed reply <unk> ’ .
I would like to end by thanking you all once again for your cooperation and the useful ideas you have offered us , which we will take into account as far as possible .
The European Union <unk> is now <unk> following a course of legal procedures .
I have to tell this House that the Committee has decided to vote against this urgent procedure , that is it does not accept the urgency requested by the Council because it does not find that reasons put forward by the Council to be well founded .
Quite clearly , these people only speak for a tiny minority now .
Two communities were <unk> and both communities have been largely reconciled by the spending of small amounts of money .
However , in general terms , I can say that it is very much in the interests of those offshore banking sectors that they meet the normal regulations that apply internationally .
As the Commission ’ s previous President , Mr Prodi , said about the Eurostat scandal : what one does not know about , one cannot be held liable for .
Therefore we share the report &apos;s view on the need to promote a competitive European biotechnology industry .
As regards the Member States who are blocking certain of these proposals , I would be pleased to give that information to Mrs Oomen-Ruijten .
There must be no misunderstanding on this point .
Madam President , this report concerns the prevention and reduction of risks associated with drug dependence .
By encouraging independent entities that are <unk> premature and a source of conflict , Europeans have <unk> the <unk> of a state and abandoned their own means of increasing regional cooperation based on harmony between the peoples concerned .
This report , which is the result of collective efforts and numerous visits and consultations , has been unanimously approved by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy .
The two reports quite rightly divide the subject of the application of Community law into three dimensions : the <unk> of Community law and the <unk> of transposition measures with the letter of Community law and application methods .
Is the fact that we <unk> clear of the main problem a sign of hypocrisy , as some have suggested ?
Thirdly , the only new measures that will be adopted to help farmers implement more stringent rules and safeguard quality will have to be financed by the farmers themselves through cuts in support .
The report focuses on some of them , such as the prevailing of political and economic interests over human rights and the need to achieve compromise positions in international fora to the detriment of positions of principle .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 99 ) by Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi , on behalf of the Committee on the Rules of Procedure , the Verification of Credentials and Immunities , on the request for the waiver of Mr Moniz &apos;s parliamentary immunity .
But why are we not helping out ?
That is what Erasmus said .
The Member State or States concerned will then be required to answer me and I will send you this answer as soon as possible .
On the other hand , as I have indicated I can accept in full the remaining 61 amendments .
The purpose of this Commission proposal is to further extend this rate until 31 December 2010 , and this is something which we endorse .
Mr President , on Tuesday we <unk> in <unk> to a manifestation of a new form of totalitarianism .
It is also a very important political and intellectual contribution which Mr Michel Rocard has made but it is not an exhaustive search for new solutions to the massive unemployment now affecting many European societies , unemployment which has now become structural , naturally of concern to governments but also the general public .
On the face of it this proposal would seem to be about taxation of non-EU businesses , but , of course , what it should be about is how we encourage and <unk> Europe &apos;s <unk> , which is a very fragile <unk> .
Today , as has already been recalled , is 1 April .
Others , who rejected any criticism of immigration , are suddenly seeing a potential terrorist in every <unk> .
But , for the same reasons , we cannot say the same about certain other guidelines it directly or indirectly recommends .
I apologise for my inability to be any clearer , and , indeed , for my not wishing to be any clearer , but I think that what I have said is clear enough .
So far as I am aware , public opinion in the various Member States is not calling for transnational lists .
I hope that the documents which we in the Commission are to present at the beginning of next year will help us obtain the power to drive forward all the work on combating climate change .
Being disappointed with the level of the budgets , but happy with the quality of the outcome of the negotiations , we were able to vote in favour of the Interinstitutional Agreement .
Unfortunately , the Commission &apos; s declared obsession with finding a system that is both viable and compatible with the <unk> WTO has won the day over any other consideration .
I agree with the main thrust of the report ; I know that there have been particular problems in Belgium but we all know this is a problem that is not confined to one country and cuts across national boundaries .
Lastly , I should like to stress that , as this issue clearly has pan-European public health and socio-economic implications , it requires a strategy at European level .
There is no better way of expressing what has happened over the past few months , in Ecofin , in Brussels , in Naples : the old struggle for a European democracy as opposed to the Europe of the State <unk> , <unk> , governments and their claims to absolute power .
Do the Community programmes for preserving the cultural and <unk> heritage include shared funding for the repair of the damage to the <unk> bridge so that they may make a contribution to the urgent action needed to preserve an important <unk> from the <unk> period ?
We need to respect this diversity and we need to find a balance between diversity and achieving coherence . &apos;
If they do not do that , they are irresponsible , <unk> and blind to the lessons of history .
Nevertheless , I wish to point out the concerns raised at the time of the report by Baroness <unk> of <unk> ( <unk> / 2004 ) , around one year ago .
British Labour MEPs are pleased to have voted in favour of this resolution , which marks a genuine effort on all sides to build consensus within this European Parliament around the very difficult issue of Iraq .
The response by the security forces is not the cause but the consequence of the problem .
There will be no British cheque coming to any of you within a few years , but we have enjoyed ourselves whilst we have been here .
Environmental cooperation must continue to be one of the priorities of the <unk> programme .
At the same time , there is another precondition : whatever the precise outcome of the status settlement , it must include <unk> powers for Kosovo .
There is no doubt about that .
Had we done so , Germany would not have had a problem in either 2002 or 2003 , or even this year , while France would have had a problem in 2002 and 2003 , but not this year .
The Council adopted on 24 January this year its negotiating directives for a stabilisation and association agreement with the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia .
The idea is very appealing .
<unk> about employment and the need to safeguard jobs are key elements here .
It is clear that the proposal has provoked a great deal of discussion .
However , I say to myself that in your place I should ask what play are we acting here , what theatre are we in , what part are we playing ?
Mr Savary , I fully share your concern about the Pyrenees .
The act in question contains an annex , constituting an integral part of the act , whereby the United Kingdom undertakes to apply these provisions solely to the United Kingdom .
This led to a considerable increase in the amount outstanding ( <unk> ) – from EUR 160 million to EUR 238 million .
We see a government and a presidential candidate <unk> <unk> by <unk> what they perceive as the Chechen enemy into the ground , and we see how , in the election campaign in Russia , there is almost no opposition to this cruel strategy .
The Commission has declared its intention , as soon as it gains the powers conferred by the <unk> Sky &apos; project , to alter the distribution of airspace between civilian and military use .
I am well aware that we have to seek 21 different translations of all these protocols , but we have been aware of these shortcomings for a long time .
We should actually start work straight away on developing a new strategy for safeguarding agriculture , not least on the regional market .
It has <unk> in recent months to implement both the race directive and the employment framework directive , but in both cases the scope of the new UK regulations falls short in key aspects of the protection conferred by the EU directives .
The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions : Indeed , the policy dialogues with many of our partners under these agreements include substantial discussions on relevant human rights and democracy related issues in partner countries .
We have to be very careful , because if we act on the basis of political considerations , we change everything , we can keep <unk> ourselves .
Secondly , the question is that if that is not enough to provide an incentive for research work , the question of public research funding can be raised .
The Commission must investigate more of these cases .
Mr President , we are going to vote on a report today that has caused a political stir in certain EU States .
Fourthly , there is a lack of political will and initiative to stimulate the economies of the new Member States , with the result that the <unk> countries remain backward and dependent in economic terms .
I have indeed heard some criticism and complaints about <unk> - I stress the word <unk> &apos; - which I have drawn attention to .
We have now reached the conciliation stage , and I hope that we can make use of this conciliation to tighten things up to some extent .
It would be a major achievement if we could see that .
One example of this is the set of initiatives that we adopted here during the last part-session .
The second is the Bank &apos;s practice of conditionality , which has often made it possible for the Bank &apos;s involvement to serve to promote compliance with European standards .
It is particularly important to give this a lot of consideration , because the Commission will be presenting its plans for the financial perspectives in <unk> .
I understood neither Mrs Oomen-Ruijten &apos;s reference to these <unk> nor Mrs Jackson &apos;s .
Madam President , I rise to speak on behalf of the Committee on Industry , Research and Energy .
Mr Prodi was not in the least convincing when it came to the following question : is political unification the price for the new strategy ?
Thank you very much Commissioner Patten .
The EU must fully respect its neighbours and not attempt to put pressure on them .
I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned and wish you a pleasant weekend .
We sent a letter of formal notice to the Greek authorities on 23 March , they replied on the same date .
The agreement which has now been <unk> with Mr <unk> by the human rights envoy of the Council of Europe , <unk> <unk> , is a step in the right direction .
Speaking more generally , as Mrs Malmström herself also said , we have to develop a strategic approach to all the problems we are speaking about today .
Everything should be done so that children of separated parents have the best possible chance of contact with both their parents , providing one of the parents is not going to try and <unk> them , with the likelihood of a <unk> and secure <unk> .
Particularly significant is the setting-up of three standing committees , which could help the Assembly to become a genuine parliamentary assembly .
In the same way , the research world is <unk> .
Throughout the EU , approximately 50 % of all those employed in agriculture are women .
Second element : the strengthening of the rule of law .
After all , we recently heard great criticism of the Commission President by our <unk> fellow Member Mr Schulz and , as Mr Schulz is , of course , known for his objectivity , I am assuming he will be very <unk> about the Commission President ’ s speech in his own speech shortly .
In Seville , in any case , you had to ratify the Tampere agenda ; you had to ratify its objectives after three years .
The financial support allocated for the political groups is not <unk> until after it has been used , whereas we have to apply for resources and explain in advance why we are asking for them .
This is also the Belgian position : the assessment of controls and risks linked to GMOs must be based on independent scientific reports .
For Europe &apos;s goals of economic and social cohesion to become a reality , for Europe to be a citizen &apos;s Europe , the EU needs to intervene in the sphere of public services , which are fundamental to each and every European citizen .
The advantage of this would be twofold : it would make the electoral campaign more dynamic by <unk> the stakes , namely European policy for the next five years , and it would also create a more independent European Commission , one that would better implement Community law and do so with respect for political equilibrium .
I welcome this because Europe &apos;s trade unions have been campaigning intensively for more than 20 years to ensure that international trade agreements , too , include safeguards of workers &apos; rights , especially in view of the ever-increasing <unk> of economic <unk> .
It is quite obvious , Mrs Sauquillo , that for my part I am waiting to receive this request , one of these days , via the official channels , in accordance with our Rules of Procedure .
And that is not the least of the achievements of the European Council in Florence , because it is necessary to examine what the Council adopted in terms of guidelines for employment .
There are also some safety requirements for eye protection at work in the Directive on the Safety in the <unk> but none yet for private use .
People must be given the opportunity to move forwards , and the national process of reconciliation must continue .
.
The draft report <unk> substantial criticism against Eurodac with which we agree .
But things have changed and moved on .
In conclusion , however , today we are sitting in a Parliament that represents 25 countries and not 15 , and the credit for this is yours , Mr Prodi .
Will you be doing that directly , or will you be informing Parliament first ?
We must also do everything in our power to understand why and how Europeans as well as Europeans and Americans have become so divided .
I feel that the Kyoto Protocol is only a first initiative taken by the international community in the fight against climate change .
This was to be done by opening up to the employment market needs that had so far not been met .
Madam President , I would like to concur with the rapporteur and her excellent report .
Mrs <unk> &apos;s report <unk> much space to the question of whether in future the Court of Auditors should <unk> the activities of each <unk> and each department individually .
It is extremely important for Parliament to have a position on such sensitive but vital issues as security and defence .
Firstly , as a representative of Poland , which is a new Member State , I am alarmed at the extremely low level of payments provided for in this budget , namely <unk> % of EU <unk> .
At the same time we fully support the United Nations &apos; mission and both the <unk> and outgoing Special <unk> .
As far as informing Parliament of implementing arrangements is concerned , that is already carried out , as Members will know , according to the existing institutional procedures .
European citizens have pointed out on <unk> occasions and in many ways that the lack of effective enforcement has been an appreciable weakness of the current system .
The <unk> of recent weeks would then actually have been nothing but <unk> .
The report <unk> up two different kinds of Fair Trade .
That alone can scarcely fail to make it clear the need for cooperation in this area .
The regional <unk> claimed in the evidence that they gave to the inquiry conducted in the United Kingdom , that they were not listened to , that they were not involved properly in the procedures , and that for a government that is committed to the business community , large sums of money were given to the <unk> <unk> in the United Kingdom , rather than to small or medium-sized enterprises .
Parliament rejected the joint motion for a resolution Now I want to ask him if there are sufficient resources to guarantee this action .
It is better as it stands .
I must be brief , and will simply say this : a decline in raw material prices and a reduction in , perhaps even the withdrawal of , official aid does not add up to an acceptable agricultural policy .
Mr President , I believe that the best response we can give to the extreme right and to any fashionable populist <unk> against the European Union is to build more and better Europe .
Commissioner , your response has disappointed rather than surprised me .
The Commissioner would say that it is very important .
It seemed to accept the missile defence system .
In order to achieve these objectives , we must use the whole legal and institutional <unk> available to us - including , of course , the terms of the agreement itself - in order to bridge the gulf between form and content , words and deeds and between declarations and actual decisions .
I shall be in contact shortly – now that I have a full picture of the situation in the Member States – and shall be holding new meetings with the industry , so that we can examine how they intend to resolve the production and supply problem .
And I will ask the Committee on the Rules of Procedure , the Verification of Credentials and Immunities to reflect on with a view to <unk> the racist remarks of the groups on the extreme right who dare , within these walls , in complete <unk> , to promote racist ideas .
I therefore continue to appeal to the NATO member states that they should restrict the use of <unk> systems until their environmental effects and connection with the recent <unk> deaths have been fully investigated .
To wind up duty-free sales without providing any form of support for continued ferry traffic would have serious consequences for employment .
We made these rules , and I really do ask that we keep to them in future .
This proposal gives him the same status in Europe .
All the Member States said more or less the same thing at the informal meeting in <unk> , and proposals were submitted .
The stake is huge , and the future of the region will determine the situation and European perspective of the entire West Balkan region .
Although I did not play a part in <unk> her , whenever I encountered deadlock , she always gave me the necessary impetus to enable me to move forward .
Mr President , I did indeed hear the words Charter of Fundamental Rights .
If it is omitted , what reason does the victim then have to cooperate with proceedings against the <unk> of human beings and traffickers in human beings ?
Then we will be able to say what the situation in Belarus is like without using double standards .
I would just say something on the procedure .
.
This is because work , ladies and gentlemen , as we have heard today , is more than just a job ; it has a clearly defined ethical character and it is precisely this ethical activity and ethical solidarity which underpins the social model , a fact which came through clearly during the debate .
Now that we are creating a new Globalisation Fund , let us not forget the old instruments : the Social Fund and skills <unk> , together with responsibility taken at national and regional levels .
I would also like to thank the rapporteurs in these committees for their contributions , and I hope that this report can help stem the flow of complaints and petitions , to which the Committee on Petitions , in fact , makes explicit reference , for that is , after all , the reason why we do all this , of course , namely the EU citizens who look forward to a truly <unk> and <unk> Europe in terms of the movement of capital and labour , and in terms of encouraging the effective accumulation of pensions and fair taxation at retirement age .
It sets a remarkable precedent for the renationalisation of the European civil service .
I learnt at university that using statistics can be the most sophisticated way of <unk> and that , after all , we should only trust statistics that we have fixed ourselves .
Mr President , I would like to explain why I abstained during the vote on the resolution .
We have increased the share of small and medium-sized enterprises accordingly .
A decision was taken in the General Affairs Council last April in which the Commission was set the task of presenting a proposal during September that would guarantee absolutely that the Union &apos; s new strategy in respect of the banana sector would be in compliance with WTO rulings .
Of course we cannot accept the principle of travel expenses being organised as part of our salary , and we should also lay that idea to rest this week .
It seems that there is a real desire there which is becoming apparent and which is perhaps something new .
I just wish to let the House know that an <unk> on East Timor has now been set up , and people who are concerned about the Indonesian occupation of East Timor should get involved in the <unk> .
Nonetheless , the aim of the regulation is to serve the huge multinationals and the interests of UNICE &#91; Union of Industrial and Employers &apos; <unk> of Europe &#93; .
And let the Commission extend its lead in coordinating the Union &apos;s response .
The revision proposed as a joke by Commissioner Kinnock might even be a good opportunity to lay down a decision of this type .
In my opinion , there are three stages : the broad , public debate led - and I mean led jointly - by the three institutions , which must be held over the course of this and next year , but which must also accompany the overall process through to the end .
I have every confidence that , this time , the debate will focus on the real substance of the Treaty rather than on other issues wrongly laid at the Union &apos;s door and I therefore have no doubt that the outcome will be positive .
<unk> this shameful form of organised crime and violation of women &apos;s human rights is a question on which I have spent much time and energy since I became a Commissioner in 1995 .
Certainly , this exclusion <unk> the Spanish nationalism of Mr <unk> , but does not match in any way with what Mr Tsatsos wrote after the Treaty of Nice : &apos; The EU must steer a cause between the opposite <unk> of effectiveness and legitimacy , a balance which takes account of its raison d <unk> as Union of peoples and states &apos; .
We want a clear and objective definition of priorities and targets for the entire budget .
The second deficiency led to our naturally wanting a ban on the use of <unk> products in cosmetics .
Both these programmes contain measures which can relate to training , the professional <unk> of those made redundant , as well as measures designed to help staff with ongoing training .
In <unk> , both sides acknowledged that they have never been so close to a final agreement , but we must be aware that the apparent <unk> must not make us blind to the real situation .
Mr President , a delegation from the democratically elected parliament of Taiwan visited us here in Strasbourg yesterday at the invitation of Members of the European Parliament .
It says so quite explicitly .
However this system , which gives preference to bananas from overseas , the less favoured African countries , the Caribbean and the Pacific which we intend to support , appears vital to the economic survival of these regions .
I am sure that many of us expected a different reaction , and that this is something we have to regard as a good sign .
It could indeed <unk> off a serious crisis and a new outbreak of violence , unless it is preceded by negotiations that can avert such a crisis , avert a unilateral declaration and the ensuing reactions .
It is that outcome , and not a concern for justice , that gives the project impetus here in Parliament .
This group not only enjoys these rights , but also has the opportunity to obtain Latvian citizenship in Latvia and Estonian citizenship in Estonia , thereby being guaranteed political and social rights .
Thirdly , these initiatives only make sense if the economic situation in the <unk> really can be improved .
It cannot be ruled out that certain habitats may have been permanently damaged , and the restoration of the environment is often a long drawn-out process .
Commissioner , we have therefore also asked to attend the initial control and inspection meetings of the RFOs , and also those on criteria for allocating quotas , since they must be linked to those organisations , so that in the future one of the main criteria for allocation may be the real capacity for compliance with the control and inspection measures which these RFOs implement .
We believe that Member States must each be allowed to decide their national positions themselves .
In particular , extending the regulations to include patents would be a mistake .
It just led to <unk> and suspicion .
This proposal intends to extend the existing instrument in order to ensure continuity until a new approach is developed in view of the new <unk> financial perspectives .
The present crisis will impact on economic development worldwide and it will be once again the poorest who pay the highest price .
<unk> , the Commission of which Mr Santer is President is not responsible .
True failure would have been precisely a watered-down agreement incapable of ensuring the proper functioning of the Union in the future and its ability to act as a decisive political entity on the world stage .
This solidarity is challenged in many areas and it must naturally dominate when it is a question of accepting refugees and <unk> - and these are not asylum seekers , as Mr Pirker has rightly said .
I will be voting in favour of the joint resolution , even though it regrettably restricts itself to taking note of the draft regulation on origin marking .
It is only one step , but it is an important step .
This was an obligation on which our Presidency focused from the very beginning of this complex negotiation process , for we felt that the contributions of the national parliaments and the Union ’ s institutions , first and foremost – as you said , Mr President - your own , and the work of the Chairman , Mr <unk> d ’ <unk> , and the <unk> , Mr <unk> and Mr Dehaene , combine them into a document , which should form the basis on which to build a unanimous agreement , without further delays on the key points of the draft approved last July .
Could I ask you please to put that back on the agenda of the Conference of Presidents this week , so that we can take a decision and also have an ad hoc delegation to Kashmir .
It is imposed upon a whole society in an attempt to destroy a political system which has been democratically chosen by that country &apos; s citizens .
We must therefore rule out any possibility of European farm aid being granted on the basis of regional productivity , making sure that the relative weight of the agricultural sector in the local economy represents the only criterion for the allocation of funding .
We cannot demand in this institution , of other institutions , what we would not demand of ourselves .
This first amendment to the Directive concerns <unk> ( <unk> ) and <unk> <unk> ( <unk> ) , used in the production of some materials .
I wish to congratulate the President-in-Office on his last answer .
It is also appropriate to bring the directive into line with the technical requirements already adopted by the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe in its regulations concerning the harmonisation of services in connection with the prevention of fire risk .
But where it does occur , those responsible should make <unk> .
.
Given that it has already made such an effort when putting forward the proposal , by simplifying the premiums , on the subject of the single premium , and on the possibilities of the Member States managing these premiums , it should make a reasonable budgetary effort - which the Committee on Budgets is not against - so that the objective the sector considers necessary can be achieved .
Firstly , the report proposes amending Regulation ( EC ) No <unk> / 2001 , to extend the transitional measures further until 1 July 2007 , in order to give time for the debate needed on the two measures .
Finally , in paragraph 32 the draft resolution calls for a report in 2003 .
This sector merits a special status , particularly as regards taxation , and this is the subject of the amendments which we are putting to you .
I would , though , also like to extend my warm thanks to the rapporteurs , Mr Leinen , Mr Méndez de Vigo and Mrs <unk> for having <unk> their excellent reports so well on the vital importance to us of making Europe &apos;s decision-making structures more democratic and more efficient and for pointing out that there must be no contradiction in this , much as that might have appeared to be the case here and there , with elements of democracy having to be sacrificed for efficiency &apos;s sake .
I commend the second reading to this House .
That is how I see this action now , as an action designed to prevent much greater disasters in the future .
I intend to ensure an even tighter focus on priorities in our financial cooperation in the future , particularly by concentrating on sectoral adjustment facilities .
When we adopt legislation in the EU , there are public debates in the Member States , that is to say in the national parliaments .
If you want me to go further than that , I will make use of the words of your great poet <unk> <unk> : Like her , I think the impact of the euro on the Union will be beneficial , not only for tourists coming from outside into Europe , but also for tourism within the Community .
Firstly , companies have to be allowed to get on with it following commercial logic .
Mr <unk> da Costa has the floor on behalf of the Council .
We must therefore acknowledge the Commission &apos;s intention to tackle the shortcomings of Directive 96 / 82 in a constructive spirit , which means that we can now send a clear message to both the chemical industry and the people .
Finally , I agree with <unk> Marset Campos that simpler mechanisms should be set up in order to strengthen and coordinate more efficiently the teams taking part in the projects .
As foreign ministers of the European Union said on 7 November , the evolution of the long-term relationship between Iran and Europe must depend on action by Iran to address effectively all the European Union ’ s areas of concern .
I think that we should leave it at that .
We must stick vehemently to our principles and our commitment to this process .
I do not accept calls to <unk> Russia from G8 because of its handling of the <unk> affair .
I am not sure whether I understood the question , but I believe that the honourable Member wants me to say whether the question by Mr Crowley was organised by the Commission today so that the whole thing could be explained again publicly in Parliament .
But the broad outline is a little vague , Commissioner , and not likely to halt the decline in shipbuilding or the use of flags of convenience by ships from European shipyards .
Overall , the European Union is today delivering an impressive and comprehensive programme of assistance to the Government and people of Iraq as they seek to build a peaceful and democratic future .
Mr President , the European Parliament has produced a <unk> strip book , entitled <unk> <unk> , to inform young people about the workings of the European Parliament .
Are there ministers who have expressed reservations about the creation of Europol ?
<unk> will not mean any change to the terms and restrictions of the previous protocol , and the financial compensation and fishing opportunities for the Member States will be maintained .
Mr President , it is essential that clear-cut measures be taken and that we give the Russian population some sort of message .
We must also overcome inequalities ; there are still inequalities between the Member States and within the Member States themselves , and the rapporteur and the Committee on the Environment remind us that these inequalities must be overcome , and place great emphasis on the ongoing training of doctors and health staff , but also on the health education and training of <unk> .
Mr President , I wish to begin by congratulating both rapporteurs , but I wish to focus on the report by Mrs McNally .
Congratulations to our two rapporteurs , firstly Mrs Read , who has always been a <unk> supporter of telecommunications .
Those who want a strong Commission , enabled to work by the broad support for it in the European Parliament , are those who want one strong institution – the Commission – supported by another strong institution – Parliament – to be capable of dealing with the real challenges of the years to come .
<unk> are necessary for current and future audiovisual creation , but <unk> strategies and monopolies are counter to creation itself .
The role of the International Labour Organisation .
In Abidjan the Commission , as well as the EU presidency , is a member of the monitoring committee of the <unk> Agreement .
Our success , ladies and gentlemen , will be Europe &apos;s success !
We need to be <unk> of perhaps <unk> , generous proposals if we want to prevent decision processes in the EU being <unk> by a <unk> of recourse proceedings which would mean more than doubling the number of judges at the European Court of Justice , and nobody would know where to enforce their basic rights any more or how long they must wait for a judgement .
As far as Lithuania is concerned , at present only 49 000 <unk> out of <unk> million are able to receive <unk> via cable or satellite .
The many regional and <unk> airlines would be more <unk> affected , as their margins are much smaller .
The committee worked with great determination and we must give credit for this to its chairman , Mr Tomlinson , whom I thank for his work .
We need the &quot; internal &quot; public prosecutor so that the investigations within the institutions can be carried out as thoroughly as possible and the appropriate measures can be taken .
As a safety precaution , if you have a <unk> , <unk> yourself in .
The system of governance in the European Union needs to be subject to more democratic control and public accountability .
The vote will take place tomorrow , Thursday , at 12 noon .
Specifically , I am also delighted to tell the European Parliament that , in various areas of my responsibility , we have made progress in this direction of openness and competitiveness .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , focusing on the Commission &apos;s political priorities for 2003 must not make us forget that we are on the threshold of a genuinely historic event that will shape the future of Europe .
Unfortunately , though , this is hardly ever done in practice , something that we in this House , of course , find unacceptable .
This form of violence has been going on for a long time , and women have suffered in silence , and not just their own personal silence , but also the <unk> silence of their families , neighbours and the whole of society .
<unk> rates in all 11 candidate countries are markedly below the reference value of <unk> % .
Statement by the President Not until the right to life is guaranteed in Colombia will there be hope of real peace .
The Commission reaffirms its commitment to mainstreaming gender equality and disability issues in its programmes and policies .
We will be tabling these proposals in April , and this week a hearing is taking place with the fishing sector and scientists from all of the Member States .
Let us change the agenda and our priorities .
It therefore proposes to have recourse to private funds , in the form of partnerships , and this , moreover , is an essential element of the project .
The view expressed by one media company in a letter to us - that the human rights and fundamental rights associated with the freedom of the press will be violated if we do not vote for it - is one which I find absolutely absurd .
Mr President , Commissioner , thank you for your statement , which suggests that mountain regions will perhaps no longer be entirely overlooked in European policy .
This is why I believe that the Council &apos;s position is not the best on this occasion , based as it is on restricted formal arguments .
This , it seems to me , is precisely the balance advocated by Mr Morillon &apos; s report .
But will these small and medium-sized enterprises succeed in <unk> tomorrow &apos;s enlargement ?
I recall these elements in order to stress the fact that the initiatives to reduce the weight of the debt are not a free <unk> , but a compelling necessity which , from many points of view , is intended to <unk> conditions of greater equality .
The people are therefore excluded from it ; this cannot continue without something being destroyed .
In <unk> times , the people of <unk> were present and active on many commercial roads and crossroads - land , river and sea , in our continent and in <unk> and Asia <unk> , on the Baltic and in central Europe , along the <unk> and <unk> routes , in the current <unk> , in <unk> , in <unk> and in the British <unk> , in the Balkan and <unk> <unk> , on <unk> <unk> and on the Black Sea , always characterized by a preference for work , trade and civil life rather than war , oppression and <unk> .
I hope that they will be incorporated in the Lucas report : one of them welcomes the proposal for a directive on penal sanctions and the other concerns respect for environmental measures .
Not to mention the fact that they are further <unk> to the <unk> of <unk> extremists .
We have done this , in our proposal , by doubling the preference margin in line with social and environmental commitments .
I find the very idea that the West and Europe consider Islam <unk> an ally to be genuinely concerning , because no one who uses terrorist methods against his own people can be considered an ally .
Thank God we have managed to avert all that .
Though it was called a period of reflection , its effect was to stop votes in sceptical countries .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , nobody is left <unk> by the danger of war in Iraq .
Then the Conference of Presidents can decide whether to include it .
It should be understood , however , that a high level of consumer protection and an efficient market economy are not mutually exclusive but are , on the contrary , dependent on one another .
All of us would like to strengthen the security of the supply of electricity .
I think this new rule <unk> the discharge procedure .
If we do not concentrate on those ports that are really relevant to export and intra-Community trade , then we will face a situation in which all ports , including all <unk> harbours , are classified as European ports .
According to Dr <unk> , the UN would need at least USD <unk> million for an effective programme .
If that were the case there would be a meaning in it .
The vote will be at noon .
In addition , we shall have to pay more serious attention than has been given in the past to the need for women to be accorded equal rights within the social security system , and we have supplemented the report in that respect .
<unk> &apos;s new duties in this field were given further impetus yesterday when the Commission announced to the House their response to the BSE report .
It is , in actual fact , the responsibility of the Member States first and foremost and of your Parliament to decide upon them , since the financial perspectives are not only decided upon in the Council .
But it was essential to have this kind of compromise in order to close the door to social dumping as a result of the freedom to provide services in the single market .
The Oostlander report <unk> moves in an unexpected direction , namely the internal reform of the policies and institutions of the EU itself ( see item <unk> and paragraph 36 ) .
I think that is something we cannot allow , and we have no option but to vote in favour tomorrow in order not to end up with something quite terrible .
It would , of course , be incomprehensible if , after so many years of positive steps under the previous regulation , Forest <unk> were now to neglect the field of forest fire prevention .
Another new element that came up in the discussions , is the conversion programme of the Spanish and Portuguese fishing fleet following the failure to set up a fisheries agreement with Morocco .
We must urge all countries to ratify the agreement , as Mrs Dybkjær has said , to allow the <unk> EDF to come into force .
In all seriousness , enlargement - which means the fate of Europe - is not going to depend on whether there are fifteen or sixteen or twenty or <unk> Commissioners , or on whether country <unk> or country <unk> has ten or twelve votes in the Council !
Finally , I should like to point out that with regard to agricultural subsidies , export subsidies for live animals too are a disgrace and unacceptable to our public opinion .
Mr President , the theory of control , which spread in Asia in the <unk> , is repeating itself in central Africa .
That is in everyone &apos;s interest , and I ask you not to think we are working here in private .
That is something I cannot understand .
Bearing in mind the number of times that this matter has been raised in the House by all political groups , how can the Commission possibly justify its silence and inactivity on a matter of such serious public concern ?
Although this Fund did not exist when the Erika sank , I would also like to ask the European Commission , what means were authorised for recovery operations along the French coast ?
It also includes fulfilment of other obligations such as adopting programmes , making <unk> and monitoring .
This summer I have been led to express our solidarity with the people of Turkey and Greece on the occasion of the tragic events they suffered at the time of the violent earthquakes at <unk> and Athens .
Nor is the issue at stake here that of trust between Member States ; it is quite simply a matter of whether the public trusts Europe , and the extent to which it trusts us to do a good job of handling this issue .
Otherwise , the whole of our Beijing document might be <unk> .
I would suggest you reply jointly to the questions by Miss <unk> and Mr Teverson .
This is why we think that the applicable legislation must be reviewed , particularly the 1992 protocol which has exempted the shipowners , in this case the oil tanker <unk> , from any liability .
Firstly , all of the European Union &apos;s policies should undergo a <unk> check &apos; .
- ( SV ) We <unk> have today voted in favour of Mrs Schroedter &apos;s report because it emphasises the necessity of maintaining the budget ceiling , as well as the need to abolish regional aid in those regions that no longer have GDP levels of less than 75 % of the EU average .
We have spoken at length about <unk> .
Madam President , the European left in all its diverse forms now has the chance to show that it is really serious when it comes to increasing employment .
As you have said , Mr President , you have covered important ground on asylum and immigration policy .
While beef producers need all the support they are getting , given their present difficulties , it is not in their interest either to have competition generated between dry stock sectors by imbalance in the respective regimes .
Commissioner , you have the <unk> satisfaction of being proved right and that never makes one popular or even happy .
I already know that many honourable Members have studied it attentively .
These rules are subject to constant monitoring and will be developed further if necessary .
This is the obvious discrepancy that has appeared between the new tone of the Council and the Commission , which is a positive signal of awareness , and the persistence of an ideological attitude among most of the Members who have spoken , which continues to confuse control with violation of freedoms , and which wants to increase the number of guarantees to the benefit of those who are abusing our reception and asylum procedures , to the detriment of the security and protection of our citizens and the interests of those who , because they really are being persecuted , ought to find asylum here .
It seems to be a <unk> of history that the very same German government that worked to achieve a European competition law in the 1980s is no longer prepared to accept EU decisions in the 1990s .
I share most of your concerns and most of your views .
That the EU should be included in this project , and help pay for it , is obvious .
We must also combat deregulation and the law of the jungle on prices which lower safety thresholds .
While we must recognise that the regulation is a little more appropriate , the directive , on the other hand , is a real disaster .
We are not going to pull our <unk> here .
Thank you , Commissioner .
The general flow may suffer , but ultimately this will be to everyone &apos;s benefit in security terms .
Developing the payment system and reducing the costs incurred both by banks and subsequently by consumers is therefore one of the <unk> items on the <unk> &apos; list of our Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs .
In the Council of Development Cooperation Ministers and in the various working committees , we have naturally also been very concerned with addressing questions of religious freedom and the matter of fundamentalism .
Finally , with regard to the report by Mr Jarzembowski , who is always so <unk> and sure of his objectives , which all too often coincide with those of Europe , I must say that I do not believe it to be realistic to seek to <unk> the Commission ’ s proposal , and also to involve it in an interinstitutional battle which , as a result of seeking the best , could jeopardise any success .
As Mr Alyssandrakis is well aware , we are already cooperating very closely with Russia .
The CFSP will have to adapt rapidly to the new diplomatic climate .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , work on the new Financial Perspective is being undertaken in very difficult circumstances , and has therefore given rise to much controversy .
The events of the last few days show that the Romanian Government is making serious efforts to make up the deficit in regard to public enterprises and to close down the least profitable banks and telecommunications companies .
We are therefore not indifferent to a political development which may lead to the presence , in the executive bodies of a Member State government and therefore a friendly government which shares with us and which has decided to share with us a basic set of principles , of a party which clearly conducted an electoral campaign based on other principles .
But those who support this approach are forgetting that the desired equal cover of national and EU aid areas makes it even more difficult for the Member States and regions to support their own problem areas by using their own resources .
It is important for Members of the European Parliament not to be regarded as a privileged elite by voters in their own countries , but for salary conditions to be reasonably in keeping with the national salary situation for equivalent positions .
the recommendation by Mr González Triviño ( <unk> / 97 ) Fortunately , the Finnish Government at least understood that it should jump on the <unk> , although once again independent action was beyond it .
In Eurostat , the European <unk> Office , mismanagement and <unk> conflicts of interest have been discovered , but no tangible action has been taken in response to these <unk> .
For the Committee on Budgets , this is , moreover , an aim with the not insignificant effect of making for a better use of financial resources .
The police have all too often been reluctant , unable , or unwilling to actually start looking for these children until tragically sometimes it is too late .
Moreover , we cannot reduce issues involving women &apos;s rights merely to those issues involving reproduction and sexuality .
Can we really consider the Council meeting to be a long-term failure ?
We have rightly refused to allow GMOs in chocolate , but only by three votes .
It will certainly not be a <unk> exercise that will be undertaken by the Convention next year .
And , secondly , a systematic approach to this matter does not require the creation of new regulatory instruments in order to take account of the three aspects of selection , <unk> and portability .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , ladies and gentlemen , seeking these negotiations involves the abandonment of two principles .
Dialogue with third countries , international cooperation and the implementation of the 2004 EU / US Declaration are crucial factors in this regard .
The e-commerce market is at a very early stage and is still underdeveloped .
I would like to emphasise that my reason for voting Turkey &apos;s progress towards accession is because it is a Muslim country and will serve as an important bridge between Europe and the Middle East in particular .
We need to be firm on three points : we should call for an end to the blockade on the Palestinian territories ; we must call for an end to all settlement activities ; and we must call for the <unk> of the security wall , which amounts , in practice , to an annexation of territory and is a violation of international law .
The proposed agreement between the European Union and Switzerland on <unk> transport negotiated by Mr Kinnock and supported by the Group of the Party of European Socialists contains what we regard as unacceptably sharp rises in transit charges for <unk> , which would fall on the transport industry , the economy and , in the end , the consumer .
This workshop , which will bring together experts in this area , will focus on the <unk> distribution between new <unk> and classical <unk> , the risk of transmission by blood and blood <unk> , a review of the published and ongoing work , and the identification of any new studies required .
That picture is not entirely accurate .
There is also a clear gap in that the International Energy Agency allows only for strategic oil reserves , not for gas reserves .
If I understand you correctly , Mr Medina Ortega , it is a process between the <unk> countries , in other words between the countries of Mercosur and those of the Andean Community .
Who is racist in Europe nowadays ?
It will be all the more important to clarify these principles if , in terms of the legal system , we <unk> opt for an approach based on consolidating the division of competences , as opposed to a policy of legislative <unk> .
For example , according to a report from the Dutch National India Working Group , the number of children working in the Indian production of sports equipment full-time has hardly fallen over the past four years .
Having accomplished this , we should strive to simplify binding legislation , transforming it into non-binding recommendations ; regulations can be transformed into framework legislation , total harmonisation directives into minimum harmonisation directives , and uniform rules into voluntary rules .
On 28 June 2001 , the Council adopted a reform of the agricultural support scheme in the outermost regions of the Union .
Madam President , a majority of my Group will be voting for the framework agreement before us , even , and I would like to make this very clear , if we are not satisfied with all the points in this agreement .
<unk> from the assets are to be used for funding research in the coal and steel industries .
It is clear to me that we should examine this carefully , and it also seems to make sense to me to place this money in the reserve and not to release it until we have clarity about the programmes pertaining to this plant .
It has also been necessary to mobilise the flexibility instrument , and even to exceed its annual ceiling .
Thank you , Mrs Gröner .
I have a formal complaint to make , and I could just as easily do that in the form of a point of order .
We fear that it will occur again on 7 April , although the Commissioner himself informed this House that the infringements that took place last year were in breach of regulations and promised to act .
We should accept this agreement , which , incidentally , has been very well negotiated , and we should recognize in particular that if we want to work together there ought to be a certain spirit of friendly openness .
In addition , in some places there is still insufficient demand for these kinds of connections .
Europe has not produced any policies on desertification or on water that benefit the Mediterranean countries and we need to think about a Mediterranean environment policy that understands the location , the systems and also the climatic diversity of the Mediterranean .
<unk> from <unk> account for more than 10 % of occupational accidents and one in ten of such falls results in permanent invalidity or death .
They must be in preparation for something new .
I would like to congratulate all the rapporteurs .
We want to bring that to an end .
I am entirely in agreement with my colleague and friend Mr Markov , and will just raise some questions for the future .
First of all , we must spell out the problems , because naming the problems may help find a solution .
As for the deterioration in the exchange rate between the euro and the dollar , not everyone sees it as a <unk> , but many wonder as to the causes .
What are we doing about it ?
There are now already a lot of obstacles to its doing so .
I approve of the criticism levelled at Iran and its lack of religious freedom , freedom for women and press freedom , but do not forget Burma and Indonesia and the child soldiers .
The Committee of the Wise Men says that the supervisory bodies are a mess , that the procedure takes too long and that staff policy has been a machine running out of control .
But we are not the Court of Auditors .
The Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy has struck sensible compromises .
They will rightly make it possible to involve the European Parliament fully in the adoption of measures aimed at by Article 129 , extended to the veterinary and plant health areas .
I must point out that the proposals advanced to the Commission by the UEN Group on that occasion have almost all been adopted by some of the Member States , including Italy .
Within Europe too , there are such disturbing phenomena as terrorism , organized crime , traffic in minors and drug trafficking .
Public sector accounting is , by tradition , <unk> , in the sense that it involves the recording of revenue and expenditure over against the Budget estimates arrived at by the body legislating for the Budget .
I am aware that some Member States remain convinced that the EU budget should be limited to 1 % of gross national revenue .
So why try to harmonise everything , especially if it is to align the system against the least reliable method ?
<unk> in Europe has been eliminated , because we have conducted a tireless struggle in the east to ensure that democracy and <unk> become a reality throughout Europe .
Mr President , I should like to respond to Mr Nielson &apos;s statement that my explanatory memorandum gave false information about what development NGOs had said in relation to his own consultation arrangements .
We talk about a world where we can <unk> difference , where there is no persecution because someone &apos;s <unk> , <unk> , belief or sexuality is different from another &apos;s .
<unk> to fund additional projects in favour of women would risk <unk> the importance of the issue .
The Commission has repeatedly offered to assist in the preparation and organisation of the conference .
The majority of new <unk> involve young people aged between 15 and 25 , and in particular women .
We tried this in the 2004 budget and we would be very happy to find now that we have an <unk> open to dialogue on the possible initiatives our group is presenting .
I was there recently and I saw that the buildings were finished , but there were no technical installations .
.
Mr Martin &apos; s question broadly relates to the problems that non-governmental organisations experienced in gaining access to the Doha Conference in <unk> .
Our patience with this can run out too quickly , indeed , but patience can also <unk> into indifference .
Finally , I also believe it was a serious mistake to back off from a decision to nominate a European Union peace-keeping force for Afghanistan under a UN mandate .
It is important that assessments should be based on scientific information and that these findings should be used to clarify and <unk> the basis for assessing the risks of the deliberate release of genetically modified organisms and their environmental impact .
But , I repeat , in our view , the agreement does not amend the directive .
Mr President , I should say first of all that I come from a <unk> ’ s background , although I am not a <unk> ; I never have been and I have no financial interest in any way , shape or form .
I will begin with the aspects relating to the provisions that come within the Schengen framework .
Subject : <unk> for drugs to fight <unk> The <unk> crisis in the USA has produced a rise in demand for <unk> , a <unk> drug manufactured by <unk> .
In that context , the Commission deeply regrets the continued <unk> by the Tunisian authorities of EU efforts in support of civil society , particularly under the European Initiative for Democracy and Human Rights .
With regard to the last part of Mr Salafranca &apos; s intervention , I would also like to express my desire that the budgetary allocations should be at least sufficient for the work , which we consider to be important and which must be carried out in cooperation with <unk> to be completed .
To this end , I would like to ask that we support the two amendments which we tabled to the <unk> report , so that the framework regulation does not disregard the efforts made to develop a coherent strategy for planning the European area .
The press has to struggle against massive costs and many new forms of new technological support mainly serve electronic communications .
In this matter we men must show solidarity with women .
Any action by the two governments concerned is therefore limited by this international law .
In view of the fact that the intention is for the Agency to have responsibility for this area over the long term , this text defines a financial package to be attributed to the Community budget on the basis of a multiannual commitment .
After all , if thanks to a temporary measure , socially useful goals are achieved , temporary aid is quite justified .
Several speakers have mentioned this , including the chairman of the Committee on Budgets .
The next item is the verification of the final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents at its meeting of 13 January pursuant to Rule 110 of the Rules of Procedure .
The results will serve as the basis for a <unk> of the portfolios and the structure of services for the next Commission .
In this case , I voted in favour of Amendments 9 and 22 , although I did not agree with everything they said .
Apparently , they were .
I find that rather <unk> .
We have to retain the capacity to invest and support in our marginalised groups and communities which are not necessarily in Objective I or Objective II areas .
The proposal nevertheless fails to meet expectations in this sector , which today accounts for around 150 000 farms and 4 % of <unk> in the EU .
( Applause ) If these can be put in place quickly , I think it will mean a better investment yield on pension funds .
Having heard what Mr Poettering had to say , I wish to make a general observation .
Among the changes which are acceptable to the Commission , I would like to emphasise the importance of Amendments Nos 7 , 8 and 20 , which was also underlined in the debate here this evening .
Other types of problem remain , however , which are today entirely <unk> , especially concerning security and the fight against terrorism , but also concerning the fight against corruption and <unk> as well as promoting democracy and human rights which , in the particular case of Lebanon , are a cause for concern .
The next item is a report by Mrs <unk> ( <unk> / 2003 ) , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , on the communication from the Commission on community and national measures in relation to breast implants &#91; COM ( 2001 ) <unk> - <unk> / 2002 - 2002 / <unk> ( COS ) &#93; .
Human rights are being violated , and the Russians have indeed changed strategy and switched from a military strategy to a political strategy , which involves a referendum and elections being held soon .
I have met people there who are supposed to be acting <unk> but who do nothing to deserve the title .
What I am now hearing from the Commissioner is one of the arguments that the Eastern Europeans or the Central Europeans of the <unk> countries have all the technical preparation required to introduce the system and that this is also the background to the decision taken at <unk> .
<unk> will create greater prosperity and , therefore , in turn more social cohesion .
In particular I support the strengthening of individual financing , as proposed by the Committee on the Environment , and limiting collective systems to those cases where these are necessary for practical reasons .
– Mr President , I have voted , deliberately and with conviction , in favour of the first part of paragraph 69 and against the second , taking as I do the view that the good work done by Mr Eurlings and many other Members does in fact amount to an <unk> of issues and situations that <unk> against Turkish accession , and that is a reason why the negotiations should not have accession as their final objective .
That must also be a goal for the Member States and the Council .
Nothing in what the future Member States seek is fundamental from our point of view , but it can be fundamental to them and to their ability to win the support they need , and so I very much hope that we will all - by which I mean the Council , the Commission , and Parliament - summon up the flexibility that will be needed if the project is to be a success , not only for politicians like us , but most especially for those who really matter - the people in the present and future Member States .
Here , we have , in fact , another problem .
In addition to these harsh conditions in <unk> because these 150 000 human beings live in the middle of the desert without any <unk> they are faced , however , with a situation in which our humanitarian assistance is being reduced .
We should also like to see this arrangement extended to other areas in which , following the agreement , the European Parliament &apos; s relevant committees will be sent material when they ask for it .
<unk> , transparency and quality should be the responsible reaction of these bodies which are generally funded with public money and in which society trusts to educate our future generations .
I fear that combining this problem – which in itself calls for joint and <unk> treatment – with other areas may endanger concerted and effective action on the part of Europe .
I do not mind if Question Time is held at the end of the sitting - I have absolutely nothing against that - or during the evening sitting - the Council could also meet us in the evening once in a while - but I really feel that we must adhere strictly to the one and a half hours .
Nonetheless , ozone still constitutes one of the most serious environmental problems .
If price stability is under threat from anything , it is from <unk> .
As priorities for the Florence summit and , as it happens , in accordance with the joint resolution that we are adopting , I should like to emphasise the following points : adopting a clear strategy to get the IGC going and <unk> the respective priorities , <unk> the resources needed to implement measures planned in the White Paper on Growth , Competitiveness and Employment , giving support to the Middle East peace process on the basis of the <unk> respect by all parties of the agreements in force and , finally , pursuing actions and current programmes in former Yugoslavia following on from the Dayton agreements in order to reach a lasting peace .
I do not know whether it was the Spanish minister or someone else who said that we are not applying the Treaty of Rome .
Stockholm ought to be the centre for coordinating and monitoring the health situation in Europe .
Mr President , the tragic situation in <unk> is reminiscent of that in the neighbouring Congo , formerly Zaire , where the hopes for peace that were vested in Laurent Kabila by the European Community now seem to be <unk> , in view of the atrocities being perpetrated against <unk> , innocent people .
The Budget Committee ruled again this year that this was a monopoly situation , regarding this fund under <unk> , which is unacceptable within the European Union , and the budget line should be opened up to other women &apos; s groups .
<unk> new buildings for banks or insurance companies ?
The Union will be unable to compete successfully on the global market if it is paralysed by fear of internal competition .
The Davignon group has done good preparatory work , there is no doubt about that .
Mr President , the way the fisheries sector is treated in the Seventh Framework Programme clearly contradicts the statements of the Community ’ s highest authorities and of the Member States on the priorities for the implementation of the new CFP .
Questions 47 to 88 will be answered in writing ( 2 ) .
So it is time to act .
His report is excellent and as he has stressed , mutual recognition will be a crucial step forward in judicial cooperation in criminal matters .
I support the principle of inclusion of aviation emissions in the Emissions Trading Scheme ( <unk> ) and support the call for the Commission to come forward with workable proposals .
I have been a Member of this House for some time , and rarely have I experienced such an interesting and committed debate , but it is one that I also regard as an example of <unk> and globalisation .
This system will allow consumers to take informed decisions ; it will reduce the <unk> of fraudulent or misleading origin marking .
But at the same time , some of you said that this has been pending for more than ten years .
It is an important sign that this is precisely how so many national governments have come to see it recently .
We share your anxieties and hence agree with the specific proposals submitted by Parliament .
By improving transport we reduce or even eliminate the <unk> .
I am finding it a little harder to come to terms with certain <unk> elements that I will highlight in the text itself .
It is high time , therefore , that effective measures were taken .
Our intention , on the basis of our experience over recent years , is to ensure that the application of the pact is better suited to the specific situations of each of the countries involved .
If the proposal is unworkable , it will not be made to work here in Parliament .
The one-sided <unk> of blame which we have been hearing in this House , the <unk> of one side or the other in this conflict and the discrepancies in the voting patterns of the EU Member States at the United Nations on 21 October of this year - which one of the rapporteurs quite rightly criticised , by the way - have further reduced the Union &apos;s chances of assuming a productive and responsible role in the Middle East .
Mr President , I do apologise , but I would ask you to ring very <unk> , for most Members of the House are assuming that the vote will take place in an hour ’ s time at the earliest , and it will take some time for them to get here .
Mr President , I would firstly like to thank the rapporteur , Mr <unk> , for his work .
Amendments which relate to the protection of the London system , that is , Amendment Nos 22 and 44 , but also 41 and 45 , are completely redundant as the draft directive has nothing to do with urban systems or other island solutions , and by island , I do not necessarily mean the British <unk> .
The European Union does not , therefore , need a constitution because , contrary to what Mrs <unk> says , an international organisation does not need a constitution .
The Commission suggests a target of 2 % of GDP by 2010 .
The solution lies not only in the forum for European cooperation but close to those who suffer from the pollution and noise nuisance caused by congestion of air space .
The citizens , for their part , expect their leaders to anticipate the changes outlining tomorrow &apos;s society .
Progress has been made , but there have been setbacks or , at least , some shortcomings .
This therefore conveniently responds to the objection raised by Mr Fabre-Aubrespy .
We have asked for the International Committee of the Red Cross to be allowed to visit those who are still prisoners .
And where Israel is concerned , the most important thing that we can ask for at the moment is for it to lift its block of the territories and for people to be able to move around freely ; for a journey between one town and another , which previously took half an hour , not to take Mr Solana eight hours .
In the report we also requested that planes and airports be better designed in consultation with disabled people ’ s organisations and that the airport and airline staff be given real disability awareness training .
All these instruments and measures are a solid basis for the short , medium and long-term security of energy supplies in the European Union , which have also proved their worth in actions of solidarity in connection with the consequences of the disastrous weather events of last year .
Faced with the need to determine their negotiating positions , the applicant countries succeeded in dramatically improving their internal organisation and coordination in a relatively short period of time .
This is a very short time frame and will be extremely challenging , in particular because some of the scientific assessments might not be completely finalised by then , and I do not want to commit myself to unrealistic deadlines .
In the event that the House does not follow this procedure , I wish to ask the President to <unk> that the amendments tabled by the Liberals , the Greens and the Communists are <unk> in accordance with Article 140 ( 4 ) of the Rules of Procedure , which stipulates that only amendments that have not already been tabled once may be tabled .
In other words , Mrs Soltwedel-Schäfer , total expenditure is greater with fixed minimum prices than if competition is allowed to set price levels and influence consumer behaviour accordingly .
Ladies and gentlemen , the European Union is interested in developing good relations with Russia , and there are some areas where this has already been successfully achieved .
There are countries with much and little scope for production and growth .
On the financial side , this agreement is covered until 1999 by the credits allocated within the framework of the MEDA programme .
First , on introducing a European quality mark to coordinate the existing quality marks , I would draw your attention to one particular point .
We have separated out the sectors and made major progress .
After lengthy discussions , the trialogue – the chairman of the Committee on Budgets , the Secretary-General of the Council and the Commissioner in charge of personnel – concluded that gradual full <unk> was desirable .
Otherwise we will not be able to carry out our important duties .
However , I think that the best way to deal with this situation is to let the rapporteur speak , then the Commissioner , and then the Members of this House , depending on how much time we have left .
I am proud that , in general , the European Parliament holds its head high when it comes to defending human dignity in the world .
The people who suffer the most in these cases are the children , who have to cope with additional problems , as if the other problems were not enough .
Their inspection was carried out under its auspices .
( Applause ) And on fraud , as Mrs Theato mentioned earlier and I also want to mention now , we have recently approved important conventions but unfortunately , given previous experience , our fears are <unk> that everything is taking a long time , if it can ever be put into effect .
Nevertheless , we congratulate Mrs <unk> and restate our commitment to the creation of an environment that encourages small businesses to flourish .
The second remark I would like to make concerns the public procurement system in this House .
It states that <unk> the potential will to <unk> nor actual emigration from the main regions of origin has decreased in the past five years ( rather the opposite ) .
I would furthermore like to ask the Commissioner whether this could not be one new element in our development assistance programme : the sharing of information and knowledge , because we will not have any less of it even if we share it with others .
The Oslo agreements do not prohibit the development of a <unk> district such as <unk> <unk> , they simply specify that the legal status of Jerusalem will not be changed without a definitive agreement on the subject between Israel and the Palestinians .
<unk> Speaking on behalf of my group , I think we are right , therefore , in making sure that we act responsibly in this budgetary process and we contribute towards that goal ourselves and indeed the position of the European People &apos;s Party right from the start of this process , after our Budget Committee votes ten days ago , has been to underline two particular principles .
By taking this line , we will contribute to making Syria democratic , and the recognition of a Palestinian state will also have a part to play in this .
Without it , I fear the worst .
<unk> frankly if , when I stand for <unk> , the voters had the impression that I had a real legislative power and genuine influence on European decisions , I would not have asked to speak here today .
We paid attention to the detail around us , but were flexible with regard to society ’ s perception of what we were doing .
We have a duty to facilitate this journey towards the new Europe of the future .
Social inclusion and respect for gender equality are fundamental principles underpinning the Lisbon Strategy .
Furthermore , national parliaments will also have to ratify the enlargements .
We understand as well , of course , the problems you are facing concerning the overlapping of programmes , creating problems of continuity for you .
On the contrary , it has the effect of limiting the exercise of power by the EU institutions because of their obligation to respect the Charter &apos; ( end of <unk> ) .
Please could it be included there , as the first question for Mrs Wallström , on the basis of when it was tabled and the number allocated to it ?
They were typical paramilitary operators .
The national programmes are all being discussed in the Commission .
These people have no experience .
I want to hear about a proper procedure , a proper timescale and a proper discussion of Parliament &apos;s views before the Council votes .
The Luxembourg bar currently has <unk> lawyers , 27 % of whom are <unk> .
I must say quite plainly here that I believe this would mean <unk> boundaries that we should not <unk> , particularly in terms of interference .
The main source of revenue , tourism , is increasingly <unk> up .
These are issues on which we partly agree .
The Council and Parliament have demonstrated the best possible will , the Commission has worked with us , and together we have reached an agreement - after a reasonable period of discussion .
I should like to thank the Commissioner for his reply to the question by my colleague , Mr Teverson .
Those who are doing it in the United Kingdom and elsewhere must be urged to put a stop to it .
It is in small and medium-sized enterprises in particular that jobs are created .
The difference between all and essentially all products affects , as we well know , a number of specific agricultural products .
Although it is still too early to assess the features of the future agreement in relation to the expectations of the sector , the Council can , however , assure Mrs Izquierdo Rojo that the Community &apos; s priority is to safeguard the interests of the Community sector as regards the practice of sustainable fishing in Moroccan waters .
Hence , there are many unknown factors which can endanger the EU economy .
Without funding , you cannot get the show on the road ; that , Commissioner , is impossible and not feasible , that much we know .
The EU had its chance to give such equality of funding to Northern Ireland for necessary infrastructure but it failed , by making national statistics instead of regional need the threshold for access .
I think it would be useful for me to explain the background of the question to the Commissioner .
One important instrument is the <unk> the Council adopted in June 1999 on cooperation between police authorities and measures to prevent violence at international football matches .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I unequivocally welcome the favourable opinion the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development has on Mrs <unk> González &apos; report .
What is more , some types of violence are not <unk> because they do not fit in with established definitions and are not considered as crimes because they are seen as taboo subjects .
It is also becoming increasingly evident that we need greater international cooperation on issues relating to the family as part of the global effort to promote social progress and development .
.
Rules which all the Member States must incorporate in their national systems and abide by .
Report Marques ( <unk> / 2001 ) That is why we speak to you today with mixed feelings .
The House has , after all , made an excellent job of stating the principles behind it .
Parliament must <unk> for it .
I would also like to point out that <unk> integration alone is not enough .
It must be possible to devise more far-reaching national rules governing the transport of animals and the equipping of vehicles .
We have further reasons to welcome this Framework Programme : the theme of sustainable development has been included for the first time and has been given a substantial budget , more than EUR <unk> billion ; research into energy , within the framework of renewable energy , is on a par with research into nuclear energy ; sustainable transport and research into urban and rural ecosystems , with , in particular , an <unk> &apos; concept , are new themes which were accepted .
The debate is closed .
I hope the Commission and Council can address this and come forward with some proposals to try and alleviate the situation , because it could be quite drastic .
It is perfectly reasonable that Member States should wish to control tobacco advertising and <unk> and the Commissioner was quite right in his opening statement where he particularly focused on <unk> advertising to young people , to try and control new smokers coming into the smoking market .
Mr President , our group values Mr <unk> &apos;s report highly and considers it to be very good overall .
Mr President , I wish to begin by congratulating Mr Teverson on the presentation of a very fine report , which I welcome .
Now , I feel that we should make very specific demands on that country , which is hoping to enter the European Union ; we must demand very specific undertakings to genuinely block the activities of the <unk> groups involved in the international trafficking of migrants .
We all know the answer to these questions .
What we have is a mosaic of <unk> that together spell History <unk> large .
I find that dishonest ; we cannot explain it to the public , who , when they travel on business , can of course claim only the actual costs .
The European Parliament , its Committee on Constitutional Affairs and , we hope , the Commission and the Council too , want to see continued development and a strengthening of the office of Ombudsman and its independence and , alongside that , its credibility among citizens .
In that way , Parliament is trying to appropriate more power for itself , something to which the June List is opposed .
We agree with a common asylum policy that contains minimum rules designed to ensure a minimum level of protection for persons in genuine need of it .
On that point , I stand here in a same-sex relationship of 20 years , yet my partner of 20 years would not be given the definition of family if he were to move with me to Brussels so I can do my work in the Parliament .
Within our markets , and third markets , we will have to face up to exports coming from these countries , which will be cheaper .
This concerns Europe directly and you know that there is tension between the Member States of the European Union on this matter .
Even from this point of view , rather than accepting the challenge of enlargement , Europe <unk> in .
We cannot imagine that this problem can be resolved through the scant funds available in the rural development programmes .
One final point , Mr President : We expect , before the second reading , to have a comprehensive report by the Commission on the <unk> of the fundamental concepts of foreign policy , so that we have , with reference to current demands , a conclusive plan for combining conflict prevention , decisive humanitarian aid and the alliance against terrorism in a rational Community package , which we will be able to adopt at second reading .
Parties continue to employ the tried and tested guerrilla tactics .
We are deeply concerned at the increasing number of air accidents recently .
It is a process that requires external guidance , because mutual distrust is too <unk> .
Our rapporteur , Mr Ferber , was absolutely right that we should avoid placing posts in reserve in view of enlargement at this stage - the motto should be &quot; more haste , less speed &quot; .
In response to this preliminary result the pressure must be maintained and the attention of all the institutions must be kept engaged .
How major and extensive does the Council consider this problem to be , and how seriously does the Council view the fact that transport companies organise travel to the EU for persons without valid visa and identity papers ?
The draft Treaty drawn up by the Convention is the result of more than just intergovernmental negotiation .
That is why , in order to turn this project into a success , we must draw a clear distinction between the experimental initial phase , during which it can be tested <unk> so as to build up practical experience , and a <unk> phase , at which point we can rely on it 100 % .
This has allowed us to alleviate some of the <unk> and bring a little hope to the victims .
In August this year the Commission proposed to the Council that consultations be opened under Article 96 of the Cotonou Agreement .
There are also two other problems which I must raise .
We will not help things here with fine words .
Because , if we look at the international context and what is going to happen in the future , the great China , the great India , the United States ... all of these will be great powers and Europe will have a very minor role to play ; it will be one of the world &apos;s small provinces .
I do not have much to add .
The Russians deserve all the support we can give them .
<unk> , mutilation , abduction and rape simply continued as before .
We welcome the improvement in relations between the EU and China , which are in the interest of ordinary people in both places , and which should boost the EU &apos;s influence in international politics , independently of the USA .
That import figures would be alarming could already be <unk> from the import products without quota .
Well , as a fellow ‘ <unk> ’ , Mr Martin , I should like to endorse everything you said .
But what of the protection of workers , particularly against the tragedy of unemployment , even in the richest countries of the European Union , precisely those which would easily have adequate means to eradicate unemployment if their governments were not concerned primarily by the profits of big business and by making owners and shareholders wealthy ?
It is therefore right for the committee to take the view that the systems should be secured effectively against <unk> access .
As an extreme case one might cite Italy , where one the country &apos;s political leader had in his possession important electronic media .
In brief , as we see it , the only way to tackle these problems in the long term is to agree on qualified majority voting on Article 42 .
The difficulties we have had to face during recent months have basically <unk> from not having achieved a situation of budgetary balance or budgetary surplus during the previous improvement in our economic context .
We have given the subject much consideration together with our defence colleagues in the European Union and we agree that the fight against terrorism should not fall within the Petersberg tasks , as I previously anticipated .
Concerning Mr Macartney &apos;s amendment to the Souchet report , if we are going to have reform of the CFP , it should look to the year 2002 as agreed and we should have discussions .
Once speed limitation devices had been introduced , it was no longer possible to build speeding into systems under which the heaviest vehicles <unk> .
Another point is the whole area of provision .
I do not know if they are restrictions , <unk> , pressure , coercion , cultural blockade – as the <unk> themselves say .
The rapporteur has done an excellent job , of which I heartily approve .
It also concerns the WTO , which you mentioned , Mr Sturdy .
I have Question No 13 which is practically identical to No 6 , and I would have liked you , as on other occasions , to have combined questions so that we do not have to debate the same issue twice .
As the resolution before you today states , it is estimated that more than 52 million people live in poverty in the European Union .
We also have the great advantage in Hungary that there is not a single representative of the extremist parties in the Hungarian Parliament .
I should like to hear what the Commission has to say about these comments and questions .
Although I understand the good intention , I think that the support will lead to an even greater waste of financial resources in this <unk>
I am entirely opposed to the principle that the support should be <unk> to producers &apos; associations , which would then pay it out to the individual producers .
On driving and rest periods there are claims by drivers that some employers are not respecting the existing legislation .
At the same time , we also need to encourage progress among the other candidate countries .
Over 90 % of the people of Spain condemn the <unk> shown by their Prime Minister .
First of all , I have received a request from the Group of the European People &apos; s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats , and from the Group of the Party of European Socialists , to withdraw the first item entitled <unk> &apos; from the agenda .
The directive in front of us only does that to a limited and unsatisfactory extent , and at certain points it even <unk> such protection , as in Amendment 74 .
There is no question of that whatsoever .
But in this <unk> of instability on our <unk> , while the EU is spending EUR 700 million plus in MEDA funds , only EUR 7 million of that is being spent on democracy .
Either they publish the results of their research , their scientific findings , thereby <unk> the right to subsequent protection by patent , or they steer clear of the academic discussion process in the expectation of a future patent .
Mr President , Mr <unk> , Commissioner , you have just reminded us , in great detail , of the importance of this Treaty <unk> , the basic aim of which is to strengthen the measures of the non-proliferation treaty and , in conjunction with this , aims to keep the development of nuclear weapons under control , thereby limiting the proliferation of these weapons and of the technology necessary for developing them .
As usual , Mr <unk> has drawn attention to a problem .
Now that Parliament has failed to set a date the imbalance that exists between national post offices will continue , as some markets will be open and some will not .
This will increase the legal insecurity of manufacturers and business people , so the initial good intentions will actually have a negative effect on the economy and employment in the end .
We must find some fast-track codecision procedure which can be used in these circumstances and fully respects the role of the Members of this House .
The overall aim of the directive is extremely important in ensuring that there is a consistent and high level of consumer protection , as well as the efficient functioning of the single market .
I shall start by thanking the President-in-Office of the Council and the Belgian Presidency &apos;s entire team which , perhaps because it includes so many women , has given us some excellent replies .
Not until December 1995 was the Commission able to sign the corresponding contracts with the intermediate financing institutions and , as the honourable Member will be aware , agreeing on the composition of the partnership committee for Northern Ireland and the regional partnerships was also far from easy .
This is the third reading in a codecision procedure for a programme which is of major importance for Europe &apos;s future - namely , research and development .
And the reality is that , sooner or later , Cyprus will be a united Cyprus , because this <unk> border , this last border of walls and <unk> <unk> , can no longer be sustained .
Europe invests more in <unk> than America invests in Japan ; American investments in the Netherlands are about twice the figure for American investments in Mexico .
That is not good enough , and it shows how necessary it is that the European Parliament and the Commission &apos;s own anti-fraud unit , UCLAF , should not be prevented from doing the work that is required in a democratic system .
I would caution against the belief that here too genetic engineering can be of assistance .
I have not heard anyone say that there has been compensation for the jobs that have been lost at traditional operators .
That is the short form of a long answer , Mr President .
Mr President , constitutions belong to the people .
Against that background , Mr President , I have a few comments which you will also find in my opinion and which have been very largely adopted by the Committee on Foreign Affairs .
In a letter I sent to you on 1 September , I referred to various allegations in the British <unk> about one Member of this House , Mr <unk> , and the fact that he is alleged to have raised over <unk> 100 000 for the &apos;no &apos; campaign in the Danish referendum on the euro .
Mr President , <unk> is a vast country and almost 90 % of its land is desert .
Over four million still suffer significant injuries at work each year .
Public investment is becoming the major <unk> of the process of achieving healthy public finances in the various Member States .
Some redrafting will be needed : this will not in any way change the substance of the amendments but simply improve the form to meet legal and institutional requirements .
Questions to Mrs Wallström All international adoption applications are systematically rejected .
It is a horrific fact that a huge amount of mutilation and disability flows from the use of landmines produced in so-called developed , civilised nations and then exported to the third world .
Mr President , it is customary to thank rapporteurs but we genuinely want to pay tribute to Mrs Maij-Weggen for the work she has done on this .
The island regions saw all the possibilities of special , specific treatment being categorically and <unk> rejected .
Did we conduct the debate on Customs 2000 with due <unk> and care ?
The intent of this oral amendment is just to clarify any misunderstanding that would justify the invasion by Turkey of Cyprus .
No Member State has access to permanent storage , and nor does any Member State have plans to build any such facility in the near future .
The European Union must primarily mobilise its existing human resources , including migrant workers currently <unk> legally in the European Union .
During the Irish presidency there will be two meetings , the first in Dublin , during the visit by the Foreign Minister , the second the EU-Russia summit to be held in May .
This is precisely what the British Government has just wisely proposed at the Convention .
It is a chance to add a Europe of goodwill to the Europe of liberty which eleven countries of central and eastern Europe , and Cyprus , wish to join .
We therefore hope that the Commission will report regularly to us on this aspect of the implementation of the gas and electricity directive , because we believe this to be of key importance .
We had just finished in the groups , and then we quickly came running along here .
Mr President , like Mrs Malmström , I too would like to emphasise that transparency is the essential precondition for democratic control and participation of citizens in the decision-making process .
As is well known , further progress could not be made because one NATO member had expressed misgivings .
The citizens ’ initiative <unk> .
<unk> .
<unk> continues .
That is now the political will of the European Parliament and no amount of <unk> by those who demand equal access to waters and resources should be allowed to undermine that .
<unk> among the responsible parties I referred to is the European Parliament , since the European Ombudsman is commissioned by Parliament .
Furthermore , the production constraints imposed on European farmers must not be swept aside by imported products that are not covered by the same health and quality guarantees .
We now report in the follow-up , in our comment on the Commission &apos;s response .
It is more about the way in which Europe ensures that its institutions act in accordance with a moral awareness of the world .
They are not fishing in European Union waters : they fish exclusively outside European Union waters , under agreements which we have negotiated with various countries around the world , and those agreements are I hope respected and monitored .
The EU &apos; s agricultural and consumer policies must accord better with one another , especially when it comes to measures in the veterinary area and to measures for the protection of plants .
Mr President , the last thing we would wish to see in these <unk> times is the Iraqi regime being able to rejoice in the almost <unk> <unk> in the United Nations , the almost insurmountable difficulties facing NATO , or the absence of any possibility of agreement within the Fifteen on this crisis .
We have reliable statistics from the instruments we have been supplied with .
We have received two proposals relating to the items included in the debate on cases of violations of human rights , democracy and the rule of law .
To that end , there were many initiatives in the field of civil justice , ensuring that where we give the possibility to move , to do business , to work , to <unk> , to trade and to buy , we deliver the balancing legal framework that would give security and access to justice .
I should like to thank my colleagues , and I should also like to thank them for having proposed that the terms and options relating to this resolution be negotiated in a positive spirit .
Thank you , Mr President .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the issue of the so-called leghold trap regulation is a never-ending saga : this is <unk> five , if we are counting in years .
I will now give the floor to Mr Tannock , then to Mr Fatuzzo .
Mr Dell &apos;Alba , though , is also right to draw attention to the fact that we must ensure that there are no disparities or <unk> in our Rules .
The general aim must be to promote the use of technology that <unk> less energy ; for example , the use of <unk> <unk> in equipment should always be avoided when they can be replaced with <unk> .
This message has an intrinsic value which , if supported by a unanimous decision of Parliament , would take on even more importance .
Lomé IV is being disputed .
This would enable the Commission to give better responses this evening .
But for developing countries the stakes are even more formidable .
We have also discussed this communication in a wide-ranging debate , in which trade unions and consumer groups have also been represented , and from which a fairly broad consensus has emerged , not least in the Council .
We have been able , not without some difficulty , to bring to fruition schemes like the <unk> programme and the programme on the information society .
The Commission is making good progress with <unk> screening &apos; and we hope that by the end of the year about half of the chapters will have been checked , so that we can really get started with substantial negotiations at a meeting of ministers in November .
The Protocol will therefore come into force very soon , marking the start of a new era in international environmental law , an era of international genetic technology law .
Of course we know that it comprises almost 45 % of the EU budget , but if you add up what the EU Member States contribute and what the European Union contributes to the agricultural budget , you arrive at 1.9 % , and a substantial amount of that is spent on the development of rural areas and environmental development .
Will you make it your business to protect the ACP <unk> countries at this time , when they are feeling so vulnerable ?
The European Parliament must make it clear that we will not give our assent to any accession unless and until there is fundamental institutional reform .
Central America needs total , bilateral debt cancellation .
Amendment No 15 - the first part - Amendments Nos 17 , 18 and 19 are in line with the Commission &apos;s intentions and I am happy to support them .
The objectives were not concrete , they were not quantifiable , there were no indicators and where is the European value added of that White Paper ?
( The sitting was suspended at 7.00 p. m. and resumed at 9.00 p. m . ) On the other hand , we are saying that the application of the Protocol is a condition for the commencement of negotiations on the relevant chapters on customs union .
Finally , I would sincerely like to wish the Finnish Presidency luck in the implementation of its programme , favourably inclined as it is , to reform .
For while we may not always have properly <unk> what we voted , the Commission , for its part , has learned a great deal .
Even here we feel rather powerless when faced with the distress of <unk> consumers who have lost faith in Europe &apos;s capacity to guarantee the absolute safety of their food , the procedural <unk> preventing the Council , in such a delicate situation , from reaching a decision with a majority either for or against , the resurgence of nationalism and the deadly blows it deals our <unk> single market , or the <unk> of the policy of the empty seat , popular since time immemorial .
Thank you , Commissioner .
.
This is not so much a question of engaging in another <unk> , nationalistic competition as of laying down and outlining the criteria and parameters which a town or State must fulfil in order to be eligible .
<unk> measures are needed , not to punish the victims , but to make it impossible for the <unk> to continue in their criminal activities .
( Parliament rejected the proposal ) Mr President , I should like to make the point that we cannot accept your arguments , because the matter of admissibility is not a matter of fact but a matter of procedure .
In Kosovo , hundreds of thousands of people have been forced out of their homes because they belonged to the wrong ethnic group .
While the <unk> <unk> &apos; lives in the <unk> of luxury he is literally allowing his own people to die .
Well , if there really is a problem for public health , I can see no reason to wait 15 years before dealing with it .
All EU institutions need to work together to this end , and I emphasise my commitment to an ongoing , but also very practical , dialogue with the Council and Parliament , for which this report provides a good basis .
Various directorates-general have adopted very different political approaches in this matter , and the Commission is surely duty-bound to pursue a coherent overall approach .
We even went a little further on an issue which has given rise to much comment and at times to anxiety , namely the Commission .
It is fundamental both in order to continue our parliamentary work and in order to be able to inform our researchers , who want an end to this situation of uncertainty about the future of their research projects , which has gone on for too long already .
We cannot adopt <unk> health programmes and not make the necessary money available .
What is the Presidency &apos;s view on this matter ?
Thank you for your attention .
Actually , I was in a dreadful situation , at <unk> headquarters with President <unk> , <unk> , if I can call it that , by the Lithuanian National Guard , and the Red Army had just <unk> the Lithuanian resistance under its tank tracks .
I am in favour , as Mr Esteve states in his report , of encouraging a dialogue amongst equals , which meets social needs by adopting measures to combat unemployment or which promotes trade between countries of the south .
And the work rate being demanded corresponds to the institution the citizens want .
In the UK we have had over a hundred cases of the human form of <unk> .
Nor do we have to succumb to <unk> .
I do not believe that the Commission should change its policy without clear evidence of there being an advantage in doing so .
Second , it will provide for a more effective Union – a Union capable of deciding and acting with 25 Member States .
It naturally affects the Commission too , but primarily concerns the Council .
Mr President , thank you for giving me the chance to make this statement .
There is no effective control on these funds by the contributors .
Look at some of the other issues which hold companies back .
Let me only cite the length of time people have to wait for treatment , the worsening staffing bottlenecks and the alarming reports of conditions in care homes , some of which are degrading .
Have you any interpretation of what is happening ?
In this sector of structural reforms , the new Member States must focus in particular on creating conditions for strengthening the increase in productivity , in that productivity levels are generally very low , and in dealing with the high levels of structural and long-term unemployment , to which Mr <unk> referred .
They are used to promote capitalist <unk> which strike at the wage and social rights of the workers and at health , welfare and education , and to make <unk> changes in the rural economy and other sectors .
So the term <unk> <unk> &apos; only tells us how the <unk> is used , but nothing about its dimensions and <unk> .
In addition to my own appearances before Parliament , we have also kept Parliament fully informed of developments by regular , written updates supplemented by oral <unk> made by my staff at meetings of the Petitions Committee .
The Union &apos;s binding principle of social cohesion requires that the business <unk> takes account of social welfare and labour law , and let us also mention the rights of shareholders , which is also part of the social cohesion system we have decided to embrace .
If the aid stops in December , if aid is maintained in Korea , if in Spain furthermore it is proposed that <unk> million <unk> of aid , which was granted to the shipbuilding sector , be returned , we are destroying the sector .
Allow me in conclusion to stress the enormous importance which the Commission attaches to cooperation with developing countries in the fight against drug abuse .
We have to conclude that the existing agreements to prevent nuclear material from being <unk> or <unk> do not offer adequate guarantees .
And Mr Marín has already said that a number of changes proposed in the report cannot be made without treaty amendments and , to my mind , it would be a very bad thing if Parliament , Commission and Council were shortly to set to work on an IGC without addressing these problems in the process .
That is why it is so very important for Europe to say <unk> <unk> and to conduct itself in a different manner .
The convention that a report is the property of a group and it is ‘ not done ’ to <unk> its allocation to a particular member must be <unk> .
In any case , there is no doubt that Parliament should participate in the process .
The main criterion has been to ensure access to an adequate statistical <unk> in order to explore this indicator .
<unk> J. Donnelly report ( <unk> / 99 ) Any objections run the risk of being seen as a <unk> to <unk> lobby groups which do not act in the collective interest .
Once an independent European monetary power exists , run by an independent bank , the latter only has to be accountable to European public opinion , and not to the national parliaments .
In addition , the Commission is currently preparing its third package of proposals for the next Financial Perspective , which are based on a careful examination of their European added value with respect to providing citizens with opportunities that complement national approaches or fill existing gaps .
How could we , on the left , accept a concept of Europe founded on creating competition among workers and on organising social dumping ?
So let us vote for these amendments in order to preserve these <unk> of the automobile industry .
Therefore , the Minister , President-in-Office of the Council , must know that that common position has been <unk> , it is obsolete and an <unk> .
.
If you look at what is being currently proposed in other parts of the world , notably Japan and the USA , they are reasonable and comparable with what is being suggested there .
Even worse , under pressure from powerful nuclear lobbies , nuclear energy has nearly succeeded in being recognised as a renewable source of energy .
The term sexual tourism describes a sad reality .
It is of no consequence that we are beginning to prepare an Integrated Product Policy even before the resource strategy is ready .
We consider that to be wrong and excessive and believe that this proposal should be dropped .
What we must respect absolutely is Lithuania &apos;s sovereignty in this matter .
On the pretext of land reform , and completely illegally , he is <unk> <unk> pure and simple , but also intimidation and the most brutal violence ; atrocities are being perpetrated against white farmers , and against black farmers too , with whom they work and whose situation continues to <unk> .
The Commission has received almost a hundred responses to the Green Paper , from the Member States , the Economic and Social Committee , and financial and social circles .
The overall message put forward is that Community law must be applied properly ; our Community is a Legal Community ; there will either be a European rule of law or not ; and monitoring compliance with Community law must be considered a priority .
It is a very unfortunate political signal , since the savings are made on precisely those policies where the citizen is most strongly aware of the presence of the Union .
I therefore think it good to be able to look at whether some articles are more important and more significant than others and at whether there are matters it might not be thought crucial to incorporate at this stage .
We welcome the emphasis on a civil project intended ultimately to be commercially viable in a number of fields such as communications and <unk> observation , as well as position - finding .
I , for my part , understand that the main economies of the eurozone must be represented on the Executive Board , but that opinion is not shared by all of the members of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs .
It is claimed by Sinn Féin that the murder of Robert <unk> was not politically motivated .
You will be describing what is to be demanded of them , and you have talked to us in terms of an October date .
Madam President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , this 2003 budget is catastrophic , <unk> and historic all at the same time .
The text provides a Community framework for Member States to restrict tobacco advertising while respecting their internal market obligations .
This situation gives rise to several comments .
Most parameters adhere to the World Health Organization recommendations .
Much as the proposal for a labelling system using the <unk> ‘ suitable for food contact ’ or the symbol of a <unk> <unk> and <unk> is to be welcomed , we demand that an exception be made for items that it cannot be <unk> are intended for contact with food ( for example , <unk> , <unk> , etc ) , thereby avoiding excessive bureaucracy .
It is now up to us , with due regard for subsidiarity , to focus the different social security systems on new developments , but at the same time remember the risks that need to be insured against .
Subject : Fishing for industrial purposes and the ban on processed animal protein The issue of coalition troops has been raised during the debate and it is certainly an important issue .
Nor is it the case that one particular Fair Trade scheme or Fair Trade label gives that scheme or that label an exclusive right to endorsement .
The matter is now closed .
You should be aware that , during a very short mandate as Commissioner for Research , I went to that Joint Research Centre , where I saw some very interesting things : for example , that is where they produce the satellite maps that can show , virtually down to the <unk> square metre , the crimes that are being committed under the <unk> of this satellite ; they also show reforestation , the quantity of trees lost , and so on .
The rapporteur is concerned with budgetary implementation , specifically of the structural funds , but presents no solution , such as a clear commitment to making payments at levels that ensure proper implementation .
Mr President , the <unk> / North <unk> conflict is a forgotten conflict .
The formation of the African Union and <unk> is another important initiative .
Many of them are my friends and I know their circumstances very well .
This extremely important convention satisfactorily defines the Law of the Sea , with respect to its economic aspects .
Every year , we observe how effective , efficient and innovative our dual strategy is , involving as it does on the one hand , the inclusion of gender mainstreaming in all the Commission &apos;s areas of activity , and , on the other , the implementation of specific measures of positive action in favour of women .
Speaking on behalf of the PPE half of our group , I can say that we want a European constitution .
The Commission has not exercised adequate scrutiny here .
Mr President , I have a fundamental difference of political opinion with the rapporteur , Mrs Buitenweg .
At the summit we also made clear that phasing out <unk> payments for <unk> <unk> is essential for our economic cooperation .
Their intention is after all to improve relations with Turkey .
<unk> this , I must once again take the opportunity to congratulate Mr Galeote <unk> on his excellent work .
In my view , the danger of this system is this : we would be moving from a <unk> system to a <unk> system .
You cannot reasonably make comparisons with the telecommunications sector , Mr Bangemann .
I trust the Commission &apos;s present proposals will not have the negative consequences of the 1992 reform as far as the <unk> up of <unk> and the loss of agricultural jobs are concerned .
Finally , Mr Coelho ’ s report refers specifically to the need to harmonise the principles of data protection .
Although it is Europe ’ s <unk> Atlantic border , <unk> <unk> has been included in other programmes that , in themselves , neither reflect the country ’ s actual proximity , nor recognise its identification with the values we share , such as the rule of law , the promotion of good <unk> relations and the principles of the market economy and sustainable development .
There are , however , quite clearly a couple of problems .
For the third year running , we have had to supplement the budget by 200 million by calling on the flexibility instrument .
I also see the method instigated with the Convention as <unk> with regard to ensuring greater information and greater transparency .
The current <unk> tactics of the British Government are to be <unk> .
What my group wants to know is : what is it going to do ?
The <unk> calls for a great sense of responsibility , above all at our level , at European level .
In my view the Commission needs to play a more proactive role to enable this process to move forward .
That the Council has already recognized that some will have to be &quot; still more ambitious &apos; makes this acceptance all the more positive .
The question was raised , a moment ago , of setting up a planning and coordination unit within the general secretariat of the Council , in anticipation of the implementation of the Treaty of Amsterdam .
It is important that our citizens realise what this package is really for .
The act which brought my private life to public attention was one of extraordinary <unk> .
Mr President , I too - together with the rest of the House as we have seen - can only welcome the report by Mr Watts and applaud his work , as well as the amendments he has tabled and which I believe Parliament will approve tomorrow by a large majority .
The amendments of the Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy ask for the programme to be extended to the southern Mediterranean nations and countries with cooperative arrangements with the EU .
<unk> slaughtered must first have been able to put on meat , and that meat must then be put on the market .
Our group is pleased with the resolution the political groups have together agreed upon here .
<unk> that these are major programmes aimed at improvements in public health , the fight against cancer , AIDS prevention , the fight against drug dependence , health monitoring and <unk> diseases .
The original compromise , the only one to work – which consisted of opening everything to the market whilst guaranteeing the smooth functioning of the market through greater transparency – was not fully observed and that was the aim of the discussion has taken place to date .
We must persevere in this way if we want to create more jobs in the future .
If you take what happened with the foot-and-mouth disease in the UK , the huge sums of money that were needed to eradicate the disease could never have been funded by an insurance company on its own .
I have to say that I , and I think my colleagues in this House , sense a threat in some areas .
Mr President , on behalf of the Commission I would like to thank Mrs Roth-Behrendt and the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy for this report and congratulate them on the impressive work they have done .
In this desperate and devastating situation for the Balkans it is more vital than ever before for politics to start playing its full role once again , or at least to try to do so .
I want to emphasize , and we have done this recently on many occasions , that women &apos;s rights form an integral and <unk> part of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , and therefore of the rights of all human beings .
As they deal with the same subject , Questions 46 and 47 will be taken together .
We are not happy with the fact that the Commission is content to play a coordinating role .
Is that it then ?
The governments do their bit but they all fail to move the process forward , and I fear the Intergovernmental Conference will one of the most disappointing , perhaps more disappointing than those which went before it .
First of all , the Court <unk> that a generous allocation of budgetary appropriations may discourage rigorous financial management .
The pressure which Parliament , among others , has been involved in putting on Belarus has thus helped Mr <unk> to perhaps get his rights and also his office back .
I also want to stress the major role played by this House in all these issues .
In order to eliminate those shortcomings now , the Commission has made a proposal to set up and run an infrastructure for spatial information in Europe , which has been abbreviated to ‘ <unk> ’ .
<unk> will therefore be guaranteed a warm welcome and high-quality training .
But we have also got to note that the Russian connection is not something that can be ignored , because through the <unk> and TACIS programmes the links between the Union and the Ukraine in terms of oil , gas and electricity are gathering pace and are linked closely with the <unk> countries .
Could I take the opportunity to thank colleagues for their solidarity and support .
( The President cut the speaker off ) I am pleased that Parliament has received the Graefe zu Baringdorf report so positively , but I am surprised by the vote by Members , notably French Members , in favour of disseminating new varieties of <unk> , before rules restricting coexistence have been established .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the discussion of this report on the organisation of official inspections in the field of animal nutrition is much like the end of one stage in some cycle race or other .
There is nothing wrong with the amendment in itself .
Are you absolutely certain that the Berlusconi / Dell <unk> case is unique ?
It is a pity that the governments of certain Member States have been <unk> and that the Council has not been able to accept the institutional declaration , which is exclusively intended to open up a debate on the excesses of the cohesion policy .
There is another thing you can be quite sure of .
This is not enough .
They are putting all the old Member States to shame in that respect .
Mrs Díez González , in your report on the Commission communication on human rights , you call on the institutions to work out a common code of conduct to serve as a basis for the EU &apos;s relations with third states .
At the same time , failure to do so will enable the Commission to reduce the payments in 2007 .
This should include the implementation of existing agreements between Israel and the Palestinians .
Thirdly , the European Union must resist - which is very easy to do - the ridiculous threats of Turkey , which is <unk> the 2.5 billion dollars for the purchase of <unk> until the year 2000 , or the 3 to 4 billion dollars for the <unk> of its energy industry or , even more so , the 150 billion dollars over a period of twenty years for the purchase of weapons .
This question was also asked in the Interinstitutional Agreement of 6 May 1999 .
Only the Lithuanian <unk> players received such treatment .
We must also consider economic aid for specific cases such as the Canary Islands , for example , where there is a shortage of reception centres to deal properly with the flood of refugees and immigrants who find themselves in an illegal situation .
The recommendations made by the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy have been adopted unanimously in the committee .
Then there are the chickens and <unk> that arrive <unk> alive with their throats cut , the blood <unk> from the <unk> <unk> while they are still alive .
We realised at the public hearing , with <unk> , disappointment and surprise , that very little money is available for research into diseases which afflict women particularly frequently , such as <unk> , the consequences of the <unk> and breast cancer , the subject of today &apos;s debate .
Madam President , on this historic day , due to the fact that my country has joined the single currency as well , I cannot let the day go by without warning and recalling that in Italy there is and remains what we call the Italian &quot; <unk> &apos; .
In fact , your prevailing ideology is that of the <unk> of Rome of the 1960s .
Where will it end ?
I turned to the health service and was told that I had to wait three weeks for an examination and then at least a further month for a crucial operation .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to start by not only thanking the rapporteur for her dedicated work , but also the Vice-President of the Commission for this ambitious proposal .
Secondly , we need to rethink cohesion policy , taking into account the points mentioned by the Commission in its second report .
Already in Greece farmers and workers are demonstrating .
There is nothing more wretched that the thought that , in some countries , nothing is done for patients because the elementary structure to accept them is lacking .
This has , until now , not been the case .
The Commission has not <unk> up the matter for good reason .
With the system of travel expenses in particular , every effort must be made to improve this before the European elections .
This programme is a flagrant violation of the commitments entered into by the Democratic People &apos;s Republic of Korea under four different international agreements on nuclear energy .
We have voted against this draft regulation because we do not think that appalling terrorist acts such as those on the World Trade <unk> can be opposed by violating fundamental freedoms .
– Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I shall confine myself to talking about the ethical issues .
I always find it somewhat <unk> that people who are so interested in animals focus their energies on transport , but the minute an animal is slaughtered , their interest <unk> .
Yet , there are always ways and means for peaceful intervention , both to stop the genocide and to stem the flow of illegal immigrants .
We need to become much <unk> on our feet .
All of us - myself included - have had to moderate our demands to some extent .
.
There may be reservations regarding issues which have been presented by both the liberal group and our group .
Mr Howitt , whose work we endorse , has highlighted many specific aspects , starting with the need for the Commission to table , within the framework of the forthcoming review of the European <unk> Council Directive , amendments requiring checks and monitoring of the most significant social and environmental consequences of corporate activity .
That is the title of an Amnesty report published last month which estimated that nearly 1 200 women and girls were brutally killed between 2001 and 2004 .
No , there are 450 million Europeans from <unk> to Lisbon , any of whom could suddenly find themselves in this situation .
That , however , would mean forgetting the generations of workers who have died as a result of working with asbestos , even though its harmful nature was already known .
This goes far beyond the power to <unk> back &apos; responsibility for executive decisions , on which some Members of this House have focused much attention .
We are thus unable even to completely protect the species we have placed on our lists of species we have promised to protect .
That is why , as a group , we have submitted a number of amendments to Mr Sterckx &apos;s report .
As I indicated in my point of order my reservations are about paragraphs 7 , 9 and 10 and the use in the English text of the words &apos;European public prosecutor &apos; , and what I believe to be the <unk> and the misuse of Article 280 as it is referred to in <unk> ( <unk> ) and ( I ) .
The requisite structural changes are not being implemented consistently and with coordination , and while some governments are <unk> taking the necessary though often unpopular measures towards financial discipline , society &apos;s reactions are <unk> other governments from progressing towards a true convergence of the economies of the Member States .
This is , of course , a complicated question .
Since , although the overwhelming majority of NGOs played a decisive role in preparing for the conference , and made several proposals formulating demands , I still do not agree with Mrs Boumediene-Thiery who tries to play down what happened .
I should like to thank him for that .
Does he intend to put forward a new proposal or to use Article 90 of the Treaty ?
For this reason , I can only invite the House to take the necessary decisions .
A strengthened <unk> will not in itself prevent the <unk> market corrections that we have witnessed in recent weeks .
The margin for manoeuvre calculated from Category 5 , as referred to in the Financial Perspective , is EUR 135 million .
It was not us nor was it western democracies that contributed to this .
The definition of <unk> &apos; at Community level is unrealistic , being too restrictive in terms of surface area when it talks about <unk> <unk> cover ?
of more than 10 per cent and area of more than 0.5 <unk> &apos; .
.
Mr President , we have all seen the disastrous effects of the earthquake which has devastated the regions of central Italy .
When following the international discussion on these issues over the last few years , we have repeatedly seen that proposals or attempts to <unk> from Cairo or to go beyond Cairo in all cases have been futile .
That does not mean to say that we should further complicate the decision-making process nor slow it down by creating new institutions and structures .
As far as our initiatives are concerned , your colleagues in the Committee on Budgets know that we have made proposals all the time to solve the issue of the legal base .
The position that we are expressing through this explanation of vote constitutes the attitude that we have adopted on principle where this issue is concerned .
The debate is closed .
Mr President , in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo , two <unk> , the <unk> and the <unk> , are in conflict with each other .
The political responsibility lies with the Council of Ministers , and I call on you to respect this .
There is a very interesting and constitutional question because Commissioner Bangemann assured me last month in this Chamber that the matter had gone to the Council .
<unk> the discovery of culture by pupils who will later be tempted to return as higher education students will reap enormous benefits for the Community .
We think it is also very important that this should not mean the renationalization of agricultural policy , as Mr <unk> suggested .
The far-reaching privatisation programme which was adopted in 1999 , and which includes plans to <unk> major <unk> over the next five years , is also heading in the right direction .
.
I must confess that this debate strikes me as rather odd , since the impression is surely being created that our European officials , however competent they may be and however hard they work , constitute a rather pathetic category that needs support on a number of levels .
I would not like to have someone coming and saying that these requirements will lead to job losses in the ports .
One thing seems important to me : on the question of access to further training , a distinction must be made between two areas , namely on the one hand the area of <unk> assistance , so to speak , i. e. the development of skills which serve to advance a career in the occupation already being pursued , and on the other hand measures aimed at qualifying someone in order to be able to succeed amongst the competition as well as on the labour market .
Thank you very much , Commissioner .
The first is a matter which Mrs McKenna has been much exercised by , namely the question of providing a broad definition of both &quot; <unk> marine pollution &quot; and &quot; harmful materials &quot; .
For my part , I undertake to ensure that the programme &apos; s funding matches up to our ambitions .
Ladies and gentlemen , Mr President-in-Office , greatly encouraged by the support you have given us here today , I know that both President Dini and I will do our utmost to prove ourselves equal to the high ambitions you have just expressed .
Madam President , the Council agrees with Mr Posselt that the development of the situation in Kosovo , under the auspices of United Nations Security Council Resolution <unk> , will be of particular importance during 2005 .
I also want to express satisfaction at the fact that the open coordination with which we are familiar from employment policy is to be used as a tool in other areas to promote the use of information technology and reinforce training and strengthen research .
After the Council statement , I received two motions for resolution pursuant to Rule 37 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
I am a little confused , Mr President .
They called upon us to study the possibility of extending the principle of a judicial network to the civil domain and to establish an information system which citizens could access easily and which would be supported by a network of national authorities .
This is because there are countries where the culture of the information society is more widespread than elsewhere , and naturally they have greater opportunities to <unk> the new technologies and advance and prosper in this new work environment .
The proposal for the list of countries was submitted to the <unk> Committee on <unk> , and on <unk> the Member States expressed a negative opinion about that Commission proposal .
Mr President , the excellent Torres Marques report marks the end of a debate which started 10 months ago .
I would urge you not to <unk> with regard to the <unk> policy pursued by the Commission since the beginning of the 1990s .
I hope that the <unk> changes referred to do not mean that we have to take the matter into conciliation .
I would ask you to draw my attention to them then .
Mr President , when we listen to speakers here , we hear the words <unk> &apos; , &apos; long-term &apos; , &apos; secure and sustainable energy systems &apos; and <unk> that these are what we should be building on .
We can see that the new Commission is making an effort , but the 1998 discharge is at issue here and we must take it very seriously .
We shall abide by the draft Constitutional Treaty .
That is a fact , and we need to acknowledge it .
In its statement of 21 October , the Union , welcoming the appointment of Mr <unk> <unk> as the new constitutional representative , stressed that it would continue to provide assistance and aid to Bolivia in order to strengthen democratic institutions , the rule of law and respect for human rights , and to establish a climate that is more favourable to social progress and economic development .
As Guinea is a country with an annual available production of 250 000 tonnes of fish , and since its small-scale fishing fleet only has the capacity to catch 50 000 tonnes , this is clearly an agreement of mutual convenience , which <unk> any conflict of interest and which also enables Guinea to obtain exceptional financing to develop its fisheries sector .
Issues still remain to be negotiated , and all this will have to be put into the form of a legal text .
That is an absolute basic .
Today , unfortunately , the fact is that you were not elected simply because of your personal qualities .
But you not only expressed sympathy , you also requested the Commission to provide some assistance .
That is something different .
I am most grateful for the outstanding cooperation we have developed over these years .
The proposals made by Mr <unk> in relation to fraud and adapting the information technology sector to the euro are a step in the right direction .
There was never any compromise , for our group , the PPE , had a clear position : none of the amendments that were proposed and put to the vote deserved to be adopted .
Thank you , Mr President .
To be honest , Mr Spencer , I am not as optimistic as you , because this Parliament came up with exactly the same analysis as the one <unk> in Mr Schwaiger &apos;s report .
Also , in light of the fact that Parliament now has a transparent promotion system , which rewards on the basis of merit and not just according to length of service in a post , we approved all the announced promotions .
Of course , each Member State has its own internal regulations for law enforcement .
In the United Kingdom we adopted the <unk> type structure .
Mr President , firstly may I welcome Mrs Bjerregaard back to the Chamber .
It is hard to believe that she has only just arrived here in Parliament .
This court when established will enable the trial of any and every individual suspected of crime , including war crimes .
It is a pity that there is one statistic missing from those documents and that is the position of individual Member States , which is not a statistic of any note but it is an essential one in terms of the democratic process .
I am not being naïve in saying this - I hope that we will still be able to obtain a decision within the UN which , when confronted with the facts , leads Iraq to disarm voluntarily .
Therefore we need close co-operation between the Member States and the Commission in order to make the Community &apos;s humanitarian aid as effective as possible and it is vital that we define a global strategy - as the rapporteur made a very good case for - which is coherent in terms of its application .
I believe strongly that the UK , as an island , <unk> a unique position within the EU .
This desire of ours to create a society for everyone , without racism and xenophobia - a desire which , while it may be a dream , is an important one to have - must not <unk> upon the right of every individual , which is set out in the European Convention on Human Rights , also to be able to express himself freely in speech and writing .
They should know that we are monitoring events very closely here !
She invites us to codify and guarantee a third generation of human rights .
These concern the political section with regard to which the Chinese authorities have expressed a number of reservations .
We are therefore awaiting the results ; developments in the Intergovernmental Conference will show whether there has been a political impetus and whether a draft treaty has been drawn up .
Mr President , there may well be many things we need to discuss , but let me close by thanking Parliament for its support for the line we have embarked on .
Health care and care of the elderly , whilst an important part of the overall health system , does not necessarily represent the overall health system .
The new Social Action Programme is very important in the Union &apos;s development of its social and labour market policies .
Report ( <unk> / 2002 ) by Mrs Patrie , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , on the implications of the Commission Green Paper on European Union Consumer Protection for the future of EU consumer policy &#91; COM ( 2001 ) <unk> - <unk> / 2002 - 2002 / <unk> ( COS ) &#93; But this must be a debate about the future , not the past .
In most countries , the three stages of job organisation are not being respected .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I warmly congratulate Mr Oostlander on producing this very balanced report .
The second point is this : Parliament has lost several cases on personnel issues before the European Court of Justice over recent years and the verdict of the European Court of Justice has been harsh and clear .
Mr President , I do not consider your warning to be a constraint on my fundamental freedom of speech , I do assure you .
I am frankly amazed that Germany , which contributes so much to the EU budget , is so slow to take its fair share out - two-thirds of the Social Fund money allocated to Germany could not be assigned to projects .
Amnesty says that they were arrested and have been <unk> in prison camps without trial .
We may as well be talking to Siberia .
His work has always been efficient and consistent and he has also sometimes acted as a necessary <unk> to this House .
Faced with such problems , it is impossible to be absolutely sure of what approach to take .
On the contrary , every effort should be made to ensure that it enters into force .
It seems to me , then , that this is the real issue raised by the mad cow crisis .
I also wonder whether the rapporteur realises what the financial consequences would be for the Union if we granted a guaranteed income to families in developing countries .
The EU has played a central role in the creation and development of the World Trade Organisation , and we are now engaged in the Doha Development Round .
<unk> in Europe will now require further <unk> and this will weaken the competitiveness of the system even further .
Mr President , I should first like to say how pleased I am that a political debate has taken place in this House at last .
It is therefore very important to provide incentives to encourage an increasing number of companies , particularly the many small and medium-sized firms , to introduce the <unk> ; I think we all agree on this .
My group supports improvement of the competitiveness of railways and liberalisation of competition .
This means that we would support the majority of the actions proposed in the report to assist the industry to adapt to meet this competition .
Certain small producers may opt voluntarily for <unk> .
( The sitting was suspended at <unk> p. m. and resumed at 3 p. m . ) It may not be achieved now but I hope that it will be carried over to the Austrian presidency and brought to fruition , because this question of late pay really is the scourge of small businesses throughout the European Union .
The Commission proposal will continue to permit Member States , under the principle of subsidiarity , to select the form of aid most suitable and <unk> to their national priorities .
Mr President of the Commission , we also welcome your promise , which you have again made clearly , to strive , in the <unk> of the interinstitutional agreement with Parliament , to ensure that in future it should be obligatory for members of national governments to appear .
In all of these fields , what we need is not a propaganda campaign that <unk> no contradiction , but a frank , public , pluralist review of the experience of recent years which has led to a breakdown of trust between the citizens and the European institutions .
On the other hand , there is no doubt that the group will <unk> itself of as much scientific advice as possible , and it will certainly get in touch with foreign scientific institutes .
At a time which everyone <unk> is decisive , what useful message can we Europeans send out to the peace process today ?
The population is simply not prepared to accept the consequences of the absence of border controls .
I also welcome the decision to also include drinking <unk> and <unk> <unk> in the regulation .
<unk> , the <unk> of <unk> <unk> in the European Communities , notes that the current system is of virtually no interest for consumers .
The internal value of the currency is decisive and the fact that we can record values for the euro <unk> that truly inspire confidence is of historic importance .
In other words , how are we to set about ensuring that the aid we grant to the countries of the South is converted much more systematically into practical progress such as will genuinely change the lives of millions of people living in <unk> unacceptable conditions ?
We in our group are not under any suspicion of having ... Mr President , President-in-Office of the Council , Commissioner , with the decision-making arrangements we have in the European Union , there is the chance occasionally to experience unexpected and exciting situations .
A few of these TEN projects have been carried out within a reasonable timeframe .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to begin by congratulating the rapporteur on her work , which I believe has greatly improved this proposal .
Solidarity is a fine word , and we Poles are particularly aware of its value .
This will mean , for example - it seems to be a popular idea - phasing out subsidies to tobacco producers .
Mr President , the Commission would like to begin by warmly thanking the committee and also the rapporteur .
This paradoxical approach - drawing a positive conclusion from a decidedly negative fact - must clearly not deter us from taking an interest in the cases of maladministration condemned by the Ombudsman and his response to appeals from the European public .
So when we set up major framework programmes without having the possibility of adapting them according to results , we are to a certain extent creating problems regarding Parliament &apos;s rights in financial and budgetary matters .
I only know that this has been very difficult to achieve , especially when we only have <unk> &apos; rights to exercise control .
Will you do that next ?
Do you not think that the Council should be present at this issue and should be able to express an opinion , if it so wishes ?
The Committee on Transport has <unk> this <unk> up a bit .
We listed six points on 31 March .
The Commission &apos; s problems in implementing various programmes are clear to see .
As Mr <unk> says , this is a relatively modest proposition beginning , we hope , with even more comprehensive developments , but one that is certainly necessary .
This includes a proposal for action to prevent the use of the Internet by <unk> or for the spread of child pornography .
My answer is a straightforward <unk> &apos; .
The developments I have described will give fresh impetus to the European arms industry , and it certainly needs it .
That was and is a major achievement by all the European institutions .
It has instigated an administrative investigation and has sought to discover how far the companies cited in the report might have been involved in other programmes , in other <unk> and even in other divisions .
These costs should at least be reimbursed if we were to impose any new data retention requirements .
If it were to be ratified , there would be an even greater tendency to spend more money on armaments .
That was less than a month ago .
Mr President , I suppose I can start on a note of slight optimism in that President Mugabe has now named the days for the election as 24 and 25 June .
It is not a new declaration , merely an assessment of how the Member States that have signed up to it are actually complying with it .
Agriculture there is significantly less productive and viable than elsewhere .
We must ensure that it can all be sustained with own resources so as to constitute a great resource for the European Union as a whole .
It is not going to be easy but there are some that could be taken now .
Which direction will Community action take after 2006 in view of the expected accession of Bulgaria and Romania and the beginning of <unk> accession negotiations ( it should be noted that Greece has borders with all three applicant countries ) ?
We have to reflect on a political response to the two hundred thousand demonstrators in Genoa .
I therefore consider establishing priority action frameworks to promote online skills , as the report suggests , to be of the utmost strategic importance , especially in public administration , by modernising public services in order to guarantee universal accessibility ; education , specifically the aim of guaranteeing broadband access for all educational establishments and health , by providing online health services to the population , and broadband data networks between the various points of healthcare provision , such as hospitals , laboratories and homes .
As we are now discussing the political criteria of Copenhagen , I should like to ask Commissioner Verheugen another question .
Liberal Democrats would have preferred an earlier review of Turkey &apos;s readiness for accession .
It is a question of reassuring all our citizens that the new <unk> is safe and not harmful to health or the environment .
I want to concentrate on Kosovo .
What this is about is that you at last grasp that you are accountable to the European public for all of what you have utilised - or , in this instance , not utilised - right down to the last cent .
If so , since the instruments cannot be taxes , which would not be agreed , what will they be ?
It is the NGOs in both countries that are constantly recommending that we combine a decision in favour of 2007 with – where necessary – ongoing monitoring processes .
I should like to say , however , that , to my mind , so-called <unk> is , more than anything , a problem of civilisation .
It is clear that there are a whole range of industrial processes that need to be changed .
Let us concentrate on informing consumers ; let us close loopholes in the law to put a stop to the dishonest practices of a few economic agents , and let us create a climate in which it is acceptable to strive for a healthy <unk> , which in itself has to be presented differently to each individual generation .
The Commissioner mentioned this very briefly .
For the rest , it is wrong to say that we have received no support from the Council .
These regulations are in place until 31 December 1999 .
But as this human tragedy draws to a close , we must acknowledge that the entire international community missed an opportunity to prevent <unk> at the time of the <unk> deployment of the multinational force .
I would like Mrs <unk> to be given another opportunity to speak on this subject .
.
There will always be those who are ready to carry out absurd acts .
In fact , the ECSC <unk> contain ECU 1.2 billion which will basically be enough to finance the operating budgets until 2002 , when the Treaty expires , and to pay for the last pensioner until <unk> .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I was going to take the floor to inform you that I had withdrawn Amendment 12 ; however , it lapses like Amendment 10 , because they have in fact already been accepted by Parliament and the Commission .
He thinks that the answer for the inshore sector is more Europe .
Many <unk> populations are already affected by these compounds .
With regard to the transparency of the <unk> , we are also in favour of opening up the hearings of the appeals body to the public .
The vote will take place today at 12 noon .
I therefore support the proposal that a better way of handling the whole thing would be for it to be incorporated in the directive , but , apart from that , I am very much in favour - and the Group of the European People &apos;s Party also has an interest in this - of sorting out the problem of safe third states as soon as possible , something that will , in due course , benefit refugees .
The suggestion by the Court of Auditors that private entities be excluded henceforth from EU subsidies for purchasing nature reserves was unable to count on support from this House , therefore , which I think is a very good thing .
Furthermore , it will be noted that a sort of competition exists between the institutional reforms , which must assure the enlargement and deepening of Europe and closer cooperation , which is a means of pressure aimed at forcing the construction of Europe and thus at avoiding paralysis should the intergovernmental procedure fail .
But I do not want to initiate just another project resulting in a report which might never be used .
I am not sure that we have succeeded .
Mr President , my only conclusion , as we have heard tonight , is that those who oppose do so because they share the prejudice that disability access is an unnecessary technical detail .
Mr President , the words spoken a little while ago on the situation in Lampedusa would have received a cold reception last Saturday and Sunday at the international <unk> in which important representatives of African countries of <unk> participated , who met with us from the European Parliament to discuss these very subjects .
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy convened a hearing on this subject which unfortunately proved to be <unk> by <unk> who <unk> in favour of duty-free sales .
What was Russia &apos;s role when NATO was taking decisions on a neighbouring area , on the Balkans , without so much as a <unk> to the UN , to which Russia belongs , or to the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe ?
It is a problem which challenges our ability to act together both in European Union domestic policy terms and in foreign policy terms .
We want to negotiate .
The European Parliament , however , removed this exception by means of Amendment No 85 .
The difficulties in combining <unk> and languages can be addressed using today &apos;s information technologies , subject to the <unk> + proposal .
However , the European arrest warrant goes too far in one area .
In view of this , let me inform you that the Commission , through the ECHO DG , has just received a further EUR 30 million from the emergency reserve .
Madam President , the report we are going to debate this evening is the second reading under the cooperation procedure and refers to the proposal to amend the directive on the minimum requirements for vessels bound for or leaving Community ports and carrying dangerous or polluting goods .
Have you set a timetable ?
There must also be evidence that the Commission and the Council really want to move from words to actions .
This would hardly seem to be a good example of quiet diplomacy .
For example , questions of responsibility must be dealt with on a global basis .
On the two aspects you raised , Mrs Thors , I must point out firstly that this was an extremely complex and cumbersome system and that the difficulties encountered were negligible compared to what could have happened , although all preparations had been made .
Mr President , I am glad to see that one or two colleagues have arrived .
I , myself , also come from Sweden and have lived with the Scandinavian passport union .
Mr President , just before I begin on the Flemming report I want to speak about the Katiforis report , which we rejected .
Then came the legislative elections in January , which were a fresh opportunity for the Palestinian people to show their firm commitment to democracy , but at the same time , the results of those elections , which Europe respects and fully recognises , created serious concerns in the international community .
And this is why the problem has arisen .
This is the most difficult point of the entire strategy .
But on the other hand , something else is clear : this European Central Bank must not live in an ivory <unk> because the decisions which are made there will have an direct effect on the lives of many people in the European Union .
It may be useful to inform the <unk> of the fact that 88 % of the <unk> girls and women who are HIV positive are <unk> and have not had partners other than the man with whom they share their lives .
Will this really be beneficial to the environment , though ?
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution ) Even though we know that it cannot be enforced as a matter of policy , we have to keep coming back to it as a topic of discussion .
Sometimes we have to support measures designed to make up for delays in development , which means that public finance is essential .
This has been the main <unk> of European thinking , from Venice in 1980 to Berlin in 1999 , to Seville in 2002 and right up to the latest European Council conclusions of last month .
In accordance with the Rules of Procedure , Questions Nos 39 and 40 will be replied to in writing .
And I believe that , from this point of view , both in our own countries and in the developing countries , the crisis of the family - whatever it may be - is not beneficial either to children or to women , who find themselves responsible for the children they have brought into the world .
Another example : the European <unk> of Culture are a successful model in promoting the cultural heritage of host cities and creating a greater sense of identity among European citizens .
<unk> differences must not be allowed to obstruct it .
Mr President - I am delighted to see you <unk> so high up there , if I may say so - Madam Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I should like to thank the rapporteur , <unk> Gahrton , for the many efforts he has made to try and bring this report up to an acceptable level .
Therefore , we must keep a watchful eye on the content of this future agreement , particularly as regards the level of public aid .
Human life is not created by third parties .
Not only do they deserve our respect , but also all the European support we can provide .
The European Parliament is only doing its duty as the EU &apos;s supervisory body .
We need to be practical in the immediate future .
First of all , Russia .
Having said that , I welcome this report which has many positive things in it .
That needs to be stressed here today .
It is the case , however , that no committee or group has made an amendment to reject the proposal .
Motion for a resolution ( <unk> / 2001 ) , by Mrs Palacio Vallelersundi , on behalf of the PPE-DE Group , Mrs Terrón i Cusí , on behalf of the PSE Group , Mr Watson , on behalf of the ELDR Group , Mrs Buitenweg , on behalf of the Verts / ALE Group and Mr Andrews , on behalf of the UEN Group , on EU judicial co-operation with the United States in combating <unk> Before the vote on paragraph 4 I see very little competition in covering press conferences in 20 languages .
The Commission is greatly concerned about the rising number of executions taking place in the United States .
<unk> in extremely urgent cases the Commission <unk> the Member States before issuing temporary protection measures .
The charter only applies to the latter however , when they are implementing Union law , as Article 51 makes clear .
4 .
In 2003 the European Parliament adopted an own-initiative report , drafted by <unk> <unk> , on the Commission action plan to reduce fish discards .
I therefore consider it sensible that the proposal allows for these GMOs and GM material , which have been found safe in terms of a complete positive risk assessment from the EU Scientific Committee , to be present in food or feed up to a maximum of 1 % .
In fact , the regulation demands that , following one of these reports , Member States should report back on what they have done to take matters forward .
Madam President , we face a situation of the utmost gravity .
I declare the session adjourned .
And I thought that the <unk> resolution that you are going to debate on Thursday insisted on a rapid decision-making process .
My conclusions , as a result of this , are that ( a ) there should be no immunity for Commission officials ; ( <unk> ) that UCLAF ought to be separated from the Commission completely and made an independent body ; ( c ) the Court of Auditors ought to be ashamed of the two reports it produced on the subject .
If the matter is not resolved , I think that there will be other Members who will not be taking part in the votes .
That said , ladies and gentlemen , as I said this morning and as the President has just repeated , we are at a stage in a process which , with your support , must be continued , for the benefit of Member States and public opinion .
This makes it hard to control the situation .
We expressly asked for a broad article on equal treatment and anti-discrimination to be included in the Treaty .
Mr President , after being laid before the Committee on Fisheries , the proposals from the Commission concerning technical measures still seem unacceptable to us .
This raises the vital question - and I would at the same time make an appeal to Mr <unk> , as President-in-Office of the Council - whether this compromise undermines the International Criminal Court permanently and structurally .
They already participate in numerous projects , but now they should also be initiating their own .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I do not know whether I shall find anything much to add to Mrs <unk> &apos;s <unk> speech .
The debate is closed .
There is a risk that agricultural reform will be confined to a mere <unk> exercise , rather than aiming for quality production and safeguarding the certificate of origin , the sole guarantee that a product is typical and meets consumer demands .
The Côte d &apos;Ivoire President must now embark on the policy that he made a commitment to follow after his election , the backbone of which was the policy of national reconciliation and the fight against ethnic and religious divisions .
This approach is followed very successfully in the South Pacific on tuna and there is no reason whatsoever that it should not apply here .
I hope that as a result of the ability of the Commissioner and the attitudes of the Commission , the Council and our Governments , a favourable agreement can be reached which will allow us to continue fishing , on the one hand , and , on the other , allow Morocco and the Moroccan people to profit from the privilege of administering waters which contain such an abundance of fish .
We should congratulate ourselves on this European law , which has brought about significant change both inside and outside Europe .
These come not only from the rapporteur of the Committee on Fisheries , but also from the Committee on Budgets .
No return to commercial <unk> until the International <unk> Commission <unk> that the appropriate management controls are in place .
The actions related to the <unk> of the sea aim to reduce road traffic in a specific <unk> .
First , streamlining .
The calculated costs of this project are more than considerable , especially now that the contribution of the private sector is not clearly marked and secured at all .
<unk> that rule and we and democracy will be the losers .
The Commission and the Member States have now launched this initiative for <unk> the competitive performance of European industry .
It was amended in 1994 , when the question emerged of the EU ’ s contributing towards encouraging safety improvements in nuclear installations in third countries , in particular <unk> reactors in former Eastern <unk> countries .
This is why it is crucial to revise the policies responsible for this situation , and consequently the Commission and the Council need to clarify three issues that I believe are fundamental and require immediate resolution .
That is a problem we should address in the near future , as the number of women in this situation in areas such as agriculture , fishing and small companies is highly significant .
Although the text includes a verbal acknowledgement of the efforts that are being made to combat AIDS , there are crucial points where the Council <unk> away from reality .
I should like to talk today about the subject of capital markets for SMEs .
The largest newspaper in the Netherlands <unk> a report about it last week .
Mr President , I would like to ask Commissioner Flynn which proposals on the issue of shifting tax on labour to other sources he considers achievable at the summit in Luxembourg .
There is still a lack of clarity over the Foundation &apos;s role in the preparatory stage of PHARE / TACIS measures in the field of vocational training .
( DE ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , listening to the main rapporteur , Mr Costa Neves , you could be forgiven for thinking that this year &apos;s budget procedure chiefly consisted of considering the agriculture budget .
There are , unfortunately , already examples of how this can happen openly and <unk> .
This report concluded in terms of probability that one unit would probably reach the least cost phase very soon , namely in the year 2002 , and that later this might also be the case for the second unit .
Their very survival depends on this .
Europol is <unk> if it has insufficient personnel at its disposal , and at present a mere 12 Europol staff are pursuing inquiries into terrorism in Europe .
I believe that the citizens expect this of us and that the Treaty of Amsterdam allows us to shorten and speed up these processes .
This accident also shows another aspect , which is the problem of the limited sovereignty of the European countries with NATO or American bases .
They are aimed at assisting the <unk> &apos;s efforts to create its own effective conflict prevention and resolution mechanisms by providing training , expertise and logistical support in the areas of early warning , preventative diplomacy and peacekeeping .
Therefore the amendment , as it has now been put forward , is regrettably unacceptable .
Does the Council not consider it important to encourage <unk> European film production ?
My second point is that the EU has always attached a very high value to climate protection and seen it as very important .
I do not believe this , I believe that it falls to all of us and also to the institutions of the Union .
The dispersed nature of Community provisions , and the fact that many of them have been repeatedly amended down the years , makes it extremely difficult to identify the rules in force , a task that requires considerable analysis , and can virtually only be done by people with legal training .
You know that this is not the right time for explanations of vote , which are at the end .
I believe that documents should accompany the movement not only of plants and animals listed in Annex A , but also of those in Annex B.
Second comes the issue of GMOs .
Although you , as a practised <unk> , <unk> <unk> but with undoubted success along the path of rapprochement and cooperation with other countries , you will permit me , as a Member of Parliament who need not be quite so diplomatic , to point out that the KEDO project , like others , must ultimately be judged by the conduct of the government of the Democratic People &apos;s Republic of Korea in terms of its military activities and its humanitarian inactivity .
It requires you to bring the other actors together to ensure we have a success .
The review of the Emissions Trading Directive will start early in 2005 .
Mr President , Commissioner , the question you are really asking in your communication is : what does the future hold for the European aviation industry ?
Our relations with Asia have greatly improved over the past few years , and this is something to be welcomed , for Asia accounts for 56 % of the world population , 26 % of the total global <unk> and for 25 % of world trade .
Let us hope that they will have the courage to take it up and we shall spare no effort in helping them do so .
This will mean that the Commission will continue to hold competitions for young applicants of under 32 or under 35 years of age , but also for older applicants at <unk> to <unk> level where the age limit will be considerably higher , even up to 55 years .
The new procedure also shifts the balance of power between the institutions .
The debate is closed .
But that took no account of what can fairly be called the European Commission &apos;s <unk> - its <unk> <unk> .
The terms and substance of his contributions evidence the extent to which a common approach is being taken by the Presidency and by the Commission on the important issues facing us .
They are sufficiently serious that we should draw up a better interinstitutional cooperation in the area of the legislative programme .
Secondly , we are committing a particularly grave error of principle in <unk> further , without protest , on the position of the Council and the Commission and in seeing Turkey as a candidate for membership of the European Union .
I am sure it will not have escaped his attention that on the German text of the Helsinki <unk> it was not the red but the blue part that was highlighted .
The Federal Republic of Germany is one of the prime <unk> here , and we hope that the new German Government will change that .
In addition to Objective 2 , as regards forestry , a subject which I consider to be extremely important , that is the restoration of our forestry heritage , there are opportunities , apart from <unk> , which the substantial appropriations from the EAGGF &quot; Guarantee &quot; section have made possible .
On this point , I can only say that the last Telecommunications Council did hold a debate on this matter .
Some of these are very close to Finland , in <unk> and other neighbouring areas .
The objective is to prevent and reduce the harmful effects of air pollutants on human health and the environment .
I think this says quite a lot about the way the situation now appears in the world .
If it happened at all , it would take a very long time , I know that much .
The only way of achieving these aims will be by what is known as the <unk> procedure .
This I say in my capacity as Vice-President of the International <unk> , <unk> and <unk> Workers &apos; Association , whose members – over 10 million in 110 countries around the world – are devastated by this catastrophe .
I believe that the euro will provide an extremely important focus for the progress of European integration , but I wish to make clear that the political circumstances for revising the Treaties were not as favourable as they could have been .
We should address concerns about the operation of the country of origin principle .
I notice , for instance , that the EPP Group has over 100 amendments in its name but signed by 18 different Members , none of them the coordinator or leader of the group .
You have asked a question , as is your right , but you must understand that I am not really in a position to give you the answer you would like .
However , <unk> is itself a cumbersome vessel , as the Commissioner knows , which offers little room for manoeuvre .
So ministers and the Commission were very pleased to be able to accept a Dutch initiative to bring experts and ministers together , in the autumn , to find a better definition .
Honourable Members have an opportunity of adapting what I consider a piece of good work that not only confirms a coherent and multidisciplinary European policy on trafficking but also adds new impetus for further actions which are undoubtedly necessary at European level .
According to the Commission proposal , the management of funds investment activities is being handled and research projects are being prepared by an army of about thirty officials , the maintenance of which will cost three and a half million euros ; this gives the impression of an <unk> bureaucracy , and therefore Parliament must take another look at the matter when it <unk> the questions of releases of liability .
This is naturally unacceptable .
The Council has accepted the Commission &apos;s recommendations that the negotiations with ten countries should be concluded .
I trust you will note that the final report invites the Commission to bring forward legislation and I hope this is an invitation which you will very <unk> , but very firmly , refuse .
I agree with your analysis : we need to listen to the NGOs .
Nothing had been decided by last weekend on the central topic of &quot; The future of the Union &quot; ; quite rightly , only questions had been asked about it .
The objective is to shift fisheries into the hands of large companies .
On a final note , I would again like to call on Parliament to adopt a clear resolution that gets the safe harbour system underway .
We cannot tolerate unfair competition from certain non-EU countries based precisely on extremely low labour costs and in particular , the exploitation of child labour .
On the other hand , I want to welcome the statements by President Putin following the attack , in which he promised to continue efforts to resolve the problem by political means .
Firstly , I would just like to make clear , and I believe I am expressing exactly what many people feel here , that I am pleased , that we are pleased , to be able to participate in this process here in this Parliament .
It is true that the European Union &apos;s programmes are being opened up to the accession candidates , to enable them to prepare for accession .
A point that Mr Fava made very well is that we must not isolate the processes of electoral observation from their overall context .
We ought to have the courage to denounce all governments - like the Turkish one - that threaten so many linguistic communities with extinction .
That was the point that I wanted to put to you .
It has to be said that trust is an unfortunate term to use in connection with a <unk> and <unk> nation .
Today this same Mrs Çiller is playing the part of <unk> foreign policy director to Mr <unk> , who won the elections .
In the view of the Socialists , and in my view as their spokesman , three of the issues of the many which the rapporteur indicates in her report are the most prominent and my group fully agrees with them .
Mr President , the amendments made to LIFE + by Parliament have significantly improved the draft regulation .
The Commission believes that , between now and 2010 , we must provide a pass for a further 100 million tonnes between the <unk> Peninsula and the rest of the European continent .
I have been employed , and this Parliament has put its trust in me , until 1 November .
But I recognise that there are a number of reasons for not doing so .
Mr President , Commissioner , the series of climate summits that began seven years ago with Rio has produced some fine resolutions which have been full of aims ever more ambitious than those that came before .
<unk> will clearly take place in this respect , and I hope that the results of the work of this group will be useful in enlightening not only the work of the Commission but also that of the other institutions , including the European Parliament .
When you read the papers and reports from the Summit , you have to admit that George <unk> did not live in vain .
I hope that together we will succeed in bringing this about .
I would regard it as a first step , however , if the international transport duration for cross-border traffic were reduced initially to eight hours .
The review of the <unk> mentions the so-called <unk> &apos; routes .
No , Mr Barón Crespo , we had a joint motion for a resolution which was issued by two political groups , the Group of the European People &apos;s Party and European Democrats , and the Liberal Group .
You have just heard confirmation , from Mr <unk> , that this planned <unk> trial is at least going to be adjourned for a few days .
Some rationalisation has therefore been achieved in this report to ensure that <unk> trials , especially those covering a number of EU Member States , are using the same information and products of the same high quality .
They expect South Africa to be a model for democracy and also to contribute actively to the economic development and political stability of the African continent .
Among the lasting reforms are the earliest possible establishment by the Council of a procedure that will make it possible to call individual Commissioners to account in the event of misconduct , mismanagement and fraud .
Mr President , Commissioner , Mrs De Sarnez , ladies and gentlemen , I am glad that this programme is entitled <unk> Mundus &apos; .
And , if it is unavoidable , at least at this historic <unk> and until further orders , that the United States must take precedence world-wide - and we do not know what will happen as the next century approaches - at least Europe must at this moment in time be able to have the decisive word in matters concerning its own affairs and play a greater role at a global level .
It has taken quite some time , but we had to tackle questions of detail , which we will not have to do with this new proposal , or so I would hope .
We will succeed if we work at it together .
Madam President , the report by Mrs Soltwedel-Schäfer is full of comments and proposals which show both good sense and goodwill .
As the national central banks lost their real function – that of conducting monetary policy – the number of their service staff increased substantially .
This text is very important for Kazakhstan , which has suffered from the <unk> of the former Soviet Union , with severe damage to its trading system and its supply network .
<unk> is made here of peacekeeping and <unk> tasks .
So , I welcome what has been said today , but I do have some questions and , <unk> for these sorts of debates , I would actually like some answers .
<unk> recognition is due to those who continued to pursue independent activity after the introduction of <unk> law in Poland .
At the same time , preparations are being made to conduct a more active budgetary and wages policy , and direct pay restraint is recommended , particularly for the small countries , which of course includes Denmark .
Cooperation with the IMF and World Bank would seem appropriate here .
Well , I find that a <unk> view .
My evaluation is that the Schengen acquis does not introduce any change in national travel documents because , as far as I know , that remains strictly the responsibility of Member States .
– Mr President , this is not the first time we have dealt with the issue of North Korea , and unfortunately I have to say with regret that in recent years little has changed for the better in that country .
That situation , which is one of the features of the paradox mentioned by the Commission report , must be related to the lack of security due to unemployment , the conditions of the labour market and also possibly to the wage levels mentioned earlier .
This is why we need to set an example and lead the way in improving effectiveness , transparency and accountability , as outlined by the rapporteur .
As soon as a Constitutional settlement is achieved , the 1976 Framework Agreement with Canada should be updated .
<unk> cases of disappearances and torture should be fully investigated and the perpetrators , including members of the law enforcement authorities , brought to justice .
One last point : should we be successful in setting up steering committees , I believe it would be necessary to re-emphasise the importance of establishing a complaint procedure which is open to civil society in developing countries with regard to measures that run counter to legitimate concerns in the field of social welfare .
Nobody could describe this as ‘ <unk> ’ .
We should include the best parts of those excellent initiatives in whatever programme we formulate in future .
As regards Chechnya and <unk> , this is the long-term damage left by a brutal colonial regime , which we will only get to grips with little by little .
Nor is this a decision that can be made on religious grounds : referring to the comments made by certain honourable Members , I would say that it is my conviction that our Union , our Community , is based on law and on human rights ; it can never be a Union based on any form of religious bias .
That is why , in November 1998 , the European Commission submitted a directive on information and consultation of workers .
I also take issue with the idea that the Mediterranean policy has been a complete disaster .
The promotion of mobility is in fact a form of employment policy .
This demonstrates a serious shortcoming in European social policy , and one which must be <unk> as a matter of urgency if we are seriously to introduce a more flexible approach to employment .
I wish to thank the Commissioner for her response .
I am looking at two other disputes particularly at the moment to see whether they are susceptible to early resolution .
I therefore recommend to the House that we take the action suggested in my report and that we draw these cases to the attention of the Italian authorities .
We are on your side , Mr President-in-Office of the Council .
We made these proposals , which are in fact modelled on the ACP States , amongst others , - so they are on the same lines as the provisions which apply to the ACP States and Turkey - in order to secure greater participation of economic and social groups in the work of reconstruction .
There have been difficult border disputes with Slovenia , as well as disputes over fishing rights in the <unk> which were not helped by unilateral action by Croatia last year .
I think , therefore , that <unk> cars ought to be exempt .
The two particular pretexts for censorship that are <unk> are , on the one hand child pornography and on the other right-wing extremism , but , although both are deserving of <unk> condemnation , child pornography is <unk> throughout the world , and those who , wherever they are , access such sites make themselves liable to prosecution , while right-wing extremism – one example of which is what Mr <unk> came out with in this House a few days ago – is something we have to deal with politically .
I am convinced that weather services and map information do not even fall within the scope of this directive and even if they did , they would be protected in a carefully considered list of exceptions .
A particular problem which has been brought out into the open is the loss to the Community of some ECU <unk> billion on milk quotas in three Member States .
In accordance with Rule 8 ( 3 ) of the Rules of Procedure , the House takes note of this <unk> .
I would reiterate the points made by the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism with regard to the lack of information on financing provided by national , regional and local bodies and by the private sector for the completion of TEN projects , since 95 % of the financing still comes from outside the EU .
If a good policy is to come from this good report , I hope that we can convince the Council together with the Commission that its content must be put into effect politically .
It also seems to me a contradiction that in the reports we are constantly reminded of the need for coherence between all Community policies , and yet now our proposal is being rejected for going too far .
The <unk> and the electric chair are symbols of the modern age .
A product should not have to be banned after it has been placed on the market because the product has actually shown itself to be harmful : it should be banned before it is even placed on the market .
And that is what exacerbated the Yugoslavian tragedy .
Thank you very much , Mr Gahrton .
In six months &apos; time the people of Europe will not know who the individual Commissioners that we rejected were .
This would mean a reduction in the <unk> of such vehicles .
Then only the Commission can put a matter back on the agenda of the Council of Ministers .
Instead , we need such support as we can get .
We need the cooperation of everybody to achieve our ambitions .
I can only reiterate that the President-in-Office of the Council indeed took action , which managed to <unk> this issue , before Spain took on the Presidency of the EU .
The Commission clearly indicates the concrete action that has been taken , which , in itself , proves that the Commission sets great store by sending out a clear message .
The Court of Auditors quite rightly applies very high standards to the way tax-payers &apos; money is used , and the Commission is following these high standards in its own financial management reform .
As the EU reaches out to third countries for support for our initiatives , we should also keep firmly in mind the wider context of our relations with many of the <unk> Member States .
Yet , the Committee on Foreign Affairs supports the agreement on partnership relations , based on the reasonable hope that despite the continuing weaknesses , despite the unsolved problem of <unk> - though there is an international effort to solve it , the Minsk Group , even if no ultimate solution has yet been achieved - , and since , fortunately , Azerbaijan has ceased its policy of violent repression , we can make progress .
This will do nothing to promote the peaceful coexistence of Muslims and the large Christian minority in that state .
Whilst I think that is sensible , one question that will not thereby be resolved is that of competition , in view of there being not only the Euratom Treaty , but also the competition articles .
However , I do not understand that , on the pretext of protecting consumers &apos; interests , some EU countries support the extension of control and surveillance measures to agents that cannot be transmitted to humans , in other words , <unk> agents that do not fall within the scope of these regulations .
This means that in these matters that I have mentioned , Member States can no longer proceed to ratify the 1996 Hague Convention on <unk> Responsibility on their own .
Therefore in the first place I have asked the question of whether there is any sense in continuing the cooperation between the European Union and the ACP countries .
It must also be said that the illegal settlements are an ongoing factor preventing a peaceful solution .
<unk> / 2000 by Mr <unk> and others , on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , on Russian journalist <unk> <unk> ; <unk> have started with the Commission , but it has decided that the final negotiations on a new document cannot start until Parliament has rejected the existing proposal in plenary .
The first involves the question of gender .
<unk> cannot advise or guide them .
I think these disasters must make us reflect in the short term , so that we can <unk> instruments which show the citizens that Europe is not an abstract entity , but can deal with these requests and needs .
Most EU Member States are parties to the <unk> and are working on the revision of the Convention to further prohibit certain designs of weapon , such as explosive <unk> of war , <unk> devices , and to establish common principles on <unk> <unk> , <unk> or <unk> weapon modes .
In essence , the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy regards what has been proposed by the Commission as positive , believes what the Council has done <unk> pause for thought and would like that time to be used to enhance the value of the proposal and to make it more comprehensive and more acceptable .
But the price of our indifference and <unk> will undoubtedly be far higher , because they threaten to deprive the countries of Central and Eastern Europe of political prospects which are essential to the success of their transition .
That is why I am very grateful to my colleagues in the House for providing the opportunity for us to devote our attention once again to this issue , in particular to the repercussions in Europe .
I therefore believe that <unk> <unk> &apos; s report is especially important and the action plan is something really fundamental that can help us in this field .
The concept of a really competitive European agriculture in the world market without subsidy is far from the Committee &apos;s thinking .
Today , we are playing a part , fully aware that we are being hypocritical at least .
I am more than slightly <unk> about the guidelines from the recent Commission document which aims at <unk> national contributions , under pressure from Germany who wants to pay less whilst still <unk> from the markets that will open up in Eastern Europe .
If the single market and free trade are to function effectively , then creativity and innovation must be stimulated and not <unk> by <unk> practices .
I thank you .
Let me add that on 19 March 1998 it was decided to make a data register available to the public as soon as possible to supplement the existing system of electronic data transmission .
I am very pleased that these discussions have resulted in a compromise package .
In macroeconomic terms , Nicaragua has foreign debt of USD 6 500 million , exports less than a third of what it imports and the country balances its payments and <unk> , ultimately , thanks to international aid and <unk> &apos; <unk> , particularly from the United States and Costa <unk> .
Yesterday and today the <unk> Joint Parliamentary Committee is holding its <unk> meeting in Strasbourg , and on behalf of Parliament I would like to express the hope that its meeting will be productive , and also to wish the delegation a safe return to Cyprus , an enjoyable <unk> season and a happy New Year .
They do a great deal already in Bangladesh , but I wondered if we could know a bit more of what the plans are for the future .
We also won on that point , so <unk> are due to Mrs Roth-Behrendt in that regard too .
<unk> ) the European Union must avoid Mr Berlusconi &apos;s <unk> and Mr Blair &apos;s <unk> and take a calm and friendly approach towards Islam .
The extension of Commission support to the system of so-called ‘ green ’ public works contracts is producing good results .
I do not think that was modest , and yet we are <unk> it .
In that way , we can act as a model for the applicant States .
If the Council does not meet the European Parliament half way , it has said that it intends to try to spend the whole amount of ECU 350 ( 200 + 150 ) million .
More than half a million people die needlessly each year in the European Union and the number is set to grow if we do not act now .
Parliament , however , paid <unk> to the city of Strasbourg .
If that were the case - if frontier controls were really necessary for combatting crime - we should have to reintroduce them between Bavaria and <unk> , for example .
Mr <unk> , I asked whether any Members objected to the rapporteur &apos;s oral amendment .
( FR ) This report is completely in line with the policy of the European institutions , where it emphasises aid to employers under the pretext of research and where it aims to strengthen the link between research and private interests , even if it sometimes <unk> this link in ecological or <unk> <unk> , according to fashion .
So it is quite wrong , Mr President , for an appeal to demonstrate <unk> , some would have it - against a meeting of our political party to be <unk> within this very Parliament .
I can only appeal to you once more to think again .
I think that we should correct this version in line with the French text .
Of course , we need , as Mr <unk> &apos;s report says , to strengthen civil protection .
In particular , it had criticised the complexity of management .
The <unk> week has <unk> upon Europe , as a recent headline in the El <unk> newspaper put it .
When this legislation finally goes through we will hear <unk> of <unk> .
Mr President , perhaps it would be best if I read the essential points of the declaration : &quot; The European Union is satisfied with the results of the referendum held on 16 September in Algeria .
Mr President , Mrs <unk> , we need to be clear about something here : when we talk about slaughter capacities , we have to realize that slaughter capacity in one location is not simply equivalent to slaughter capacity in another , because many countries that import beef from the European Union demand very particular <unk> procedures .
Instead of this we are being given a mass of detailed rules that are incomplete , inconsistent , <unk> and highly dangerous for democracy .
<unk> can never hope to get their full message across because they are mainly preaching to the converted , while the others whom they might convert do not come to church in the first place .
One fundamental question <unk> the Commission , as well as Parliament and the Council as the two branches of the European legislature .
And here we must make a clear distinction between those areas where <unk> is sensible or necessary and those where it should only be considered as a last resort to manage rural areas .
It is a job for experts .
We are interested in Mr Hughes &apos;s question on working time in maritime transport , because the ILO Conference takes place on 8 October .
Much as the public may <unk> it , suspected terrorists have rights .
Can I say to the Honourable Member there is no question of the Union ending a trade agreement with Israel .
They are being financed .
Kaklamanis recommendation ( <unk> / 97 ) This vision will flesh out the partnership for prosperity , solidarity and security , which I announced here last July .
It is not just that the payments are so low - and that is itself scandalous - but that this has led to real selection of participants .
The <unk> of Afghanistan is not particularly heavily <unk> .
Ladies and gentlemen , the role of women in the success of the European project in general , and for the success of the Lisbon Strategy in particular , is indispensable .
Public deficits have been reduced .
Mr Alavanos , I have , of course , noted your comment and we shall investigate exactly what is going on .
I abstained on the resolution proposed jointly by the large groups on the preparations for the spring 2004 summit because , while full of good intentions , it misses the key elements of the issue .
Unfortunately I will not be there but I will ask for this to be raised at the Bureau this evening .
If Member States do not do anything about this , there will be even fewer means for care , education and other important public <unk> in the future .
The fact that the Presidency wishes to reform the EU ’ s <unk> structures is cause for optimism .
This should , of course , be the captain , otherwise this is complete nonsense .
But it points out where responsibility rests and it will be for Member States to spell that out in detail so there is no uncertainty .
I know , as the Commissioner said , that the regional authorities have not yet sent the Commission a report on this disaster and I know that this report will reach the Commission very soon , but I wanted to note now what has been said about the programming reserve and I also wanted to note the willingness demonstrated by the Commission to adopt measures for the agricultural sector .
Not only did Chile and the European Union agree to liberalise gradually over 97 % of our bilateral trade in goods , but we also agreed on a whole set of rules to facilitate trade , on the establishment of a free trade area in services , on the liberalisation of investment and on the reciprocal opening of government procurement markets .
Finally , I would like to thank my colleagues for their involvement in this report , which has given me solid support and encouragement in my work .
Ultimately , Ms Schreyer , the Commission is cutting off its <unk> to spite its face .
This is why we are rejecting the urgent procedure today .
Given the seriousness of this phenomenon , several initiatives have been taken by private individuals , purely on humanitarian grounds .
Mr President , I invite you to ask the presidency to contact the Member who made the allegations and who has been quoted - Mrs <unk> McKenna , of the Green Group - and to ask her to <unk> these allegations or have the <unk> to withdraw them .
That is a task we have set ourselves , and I hope that the Commission will be prepared to cooperate .
This endeavour started four years ago .
Everyone know this and it is also visible on the ground .
I have been in this House for almost ten years and remember perfectly well the problems we had before the Treaty of Amsterdam and the total deadlock which <unk> subjected us to in this field .
That is the terribly depressing thing about these developments in Belarus .
The WTO is one of those pillars .
The first relates to internal matters .
The Commission recognizes that it is essential to further harmonize the measurement of power , because this is fundamental for <unk> IV .
I would like to raise the subject of the overall approach of the process of the parallel , balanced development of these three aspects , which underpins the spirit and <unk> of Barcelona , something we must preserve .
I want to say to <unk> Poettering and to the PPE-DE Group how greatly I appreciate his and their <unk> commitment to be full and faithful partners to an agreement which we made .
I should like to link this with other matters we have debated at previous <unk> - indeed I am sure we will be debating them again this week - and make an appeal about the language we use to describe these terrorists .
More work therefore needs to be done on them .
There must be a decrease in subsidies , and , furthermore , everything must be made more transparent .
It is actually a far more innocent exercise involving the temporary transportation of files between members of the Commission out of concern to lend a hand from time to time .
So my reply is &apos;yes &apos; .
They were about other matters because we European political leaders did not show enough political leadership and because we did not manage to explain that it really was the Treaty , and nothing else , that the referenda were really about .
Does the Council not take the view that such a course of action is contrary to the precautionary principle and the principle of preventive action in respect of the environment as laid down in Article 174 of the Treaty establishing the European Community , as it removes responsibility from the consumers of water which has been transported from elsewhere ?
The question of freedom and security in the Europe of the twenty-five , which we are debating today , is directly linked , Commissioner , to the security of the Olympic Games being organised in Greece this summer .
The third shortcoming concerns the <unk> of flexibility mechanisms that would enable the Member States to make adjustments to national and regional situations .
This second report will be sent to Parliament in June .
What European policies do we have to combat desertification ?
In the hope that we will finally achieve our goal by adopting yet another resolution , we must do everything in our power to ensure that the Chinese authorities put an immediate stop to such blatant violations of civil liberties .
I would like to deal with four particular points : firstly , ensuring that there is no <unk> of the most profitable and easily <unk> areas of <unk> .
<unk> me , I am sorry to interrupt you .
Third , the supervision and control of shipments of radioactive waste .
I therefore welcome this withdrawal from Gaza as symbolic of the fact that no settlement is a permanent <unk> and that they can all be dismantled in the future .
The purpose is , in fact , to prevent any confusion for consumers and unfair competition for producers .
We have to remember that the freedom the Internet gives us also brings with it the danger of spreading <unk> and immoral information .
The Commission is drawing up a set of economic measures regulating infrastructures to favour greater use of those transport modes that still have available capacity and are less harmful to the environment .
( Mixed reactions ) This legal violation was condemned by the highest judicial body in the European Union , the European Court of Justice , on which the duty of stating the law is conferred under treaty .
It is not by chance that , immediately after Helsinki , the Turkish Prime Minister , <unk> <unk> , stated that the Cyprus issue had been resolved in 1974 .
Against the backdrop of the Israeli presidency elections to be held on 6 February , this verbal attack <unk> <unk> the plan for a meeting between the Israeli Prime Minister <unk> and Arafat in Stockholm today .
Furthermore it highlights the difficult nature of the task which we will have to face .
However , this information is essential if our work is to be coordinated .
We cannot endorse a single rule for cereals and <unk> <unk> crops when the European Union continues to suffer a shortage of <unk> for animal food .
However , your economy does not serve to satisfy the needs of a majority as best possible , but to make a minority rich more effectively .
The question of international adoption is also still unresolved and , after the moratorium and approval of the new law , it has now been blocked , with unfortunate and extremely damaging consequences for the children , those with the least protection , who should be the main beneficiaries of what we all refer to as ‘ human rights ’ .
In the international arena , the very serious situation in Iraq and the help to be provided for its <unk> citizens and for its sorely tried infrastructures require some simple principles and ideas to be recalled .
Mr President , all of us must be greatly concerned with Alzheimer &apos;s as a <unk> disease of the brain that inevitably leads to the destruction of all mental and physical functions .
If , in spite of everything , we voted in favour of this report , it is because the few recommendations that go in the right direction , that defend basic rights , that condemn racism and xenophobia or that oppose the death penalty , so much <unk> the most reactionary parties in this Assembly .
It is very easy to say that we want the troops .
The Commission takes the view that priority should be given to a professional approach - which a number of people have favoured in the debate - in terms of methodology , logistics and training .
The reason why I have taken the floor is to draw your attention to a specific situation , namely that in Indonesia , and the Moluccas , to be more precise .
To help it on its way the PPE-DE Group is calling for a roll-call vote on this particular amendment but will then abstain so that the amendment will fall .
Marinho report ( <unk> / 2001 ) But that does not mean we should <unk> on our objective for a complete <unk> of the Ottawa Treaty and we must work towards an agreement to ensure that the comprehensive action plan at the <unk> <unk> Conference is implemented fully .
And today we need bold policy to put Europe back on track .
The Commission proposal before us today now represents the legal basis for further financial support for activities in the field of legal cooperation in civil matters .
I think it is right to begin by stressing how pleased we are that the <unk> programmes have been put into operation .
The withdrawal of proposals that have not even yet been adopted cannot be said to dismantle anything .
Regarding the monitoring of <unk> , a team from DG VIII were assessing the situation in Rwanda last week so that immediate assistance can be provided , namely shelter and help in sorting out some problems caused by the influx .
This may well be the case .
It meets the standards , it improves the situation and it establishes conditions and controls .
This Commissioner is always present , whatever time slot she is given .
I feel that once we move to the implementation stage , we will enter the next important phase , namely the preparation of further strategies .
The Commission would therefore be delighted if the Member States and the enterprises in question were to take up all these funds in order to implement as many measures as possible within the current legal framework , in order to help the sector and allow it to develop in line with the rapporteur &apos;s considerations .
Could I , in that context , ask the Council and the Commission to agree that the first priority in any referendum should be that it should be seen to be both free and fair ?
Its work should consolidate peace and prevent the outbreak of new conflicts .
I am convinced that the centre for equal opportunities in my own country will be encouraged in its activities by this directive .
The Member States themselves should determine control of their own waters and coasts .
It is believed that a price increase of a 100 % can reduce consumption by half .
But if we are to shut the doors , let us at least keep the keys , and between now and then we shall be able to study exactly the changes in the market before fixing final dates and taking definitive measures .
There is also a fourth criterion for accession , one that is of very considerable significance , and it is the one adopted in Copenhagen , which states that consideration must also be given to the Union ’ s own capacity to cope with further accessions .
As in this compromise , I naturally wish to highlight the importance of not interfering with the directive on the posting of workers .
The Council is reviewing the implementation of the code of conduct and the Intergovernmental Conference is discussing the whole question of transparency .
This is nothing new , but the Court makes it clear that the Commission , too , will have to change its ways considerably if the enlargement process is not to be a disaster .
It is the Member States which are the biggest problem in this area .
This effectively means they are asking Parliament to give them a <unk> cheque to determine what category of animal means after we have voted on whether or not to include it .
Here I wish the current president a good hand and a very delicate touch .
This is why Parliament has pressed for it to happen as speedily as possible , and we shall support any measure which <unk> the process .
I utterly condemn this act of <unk> that is unworthy of any civilised society .
The European subsidies , together with far-reaching environmental concessions , make up an attractive package for businesses .
Nevertheless , our goal must be to return the refugees as far as possible .
The method provides a specific context for any evaluation of the human rights situation in Europe but anyone who employs such a method has an enormous responsibility for ensuring that the picture presented is an accurate one .
The whole enterprise merely encourages criminal dealings .
Who <unk> this monitoring ?
To sum up , I should like to make it quite clear that the Commission and the Council should and must take note of the suggestions , ideas , visions and criticisms voiced in this House , for the good of the citizens of the EU Member States .
We must equip European society for this .
Thank you , Mr Napolitano .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution ) For lorries , Labour in the UK advocates the introduction of a lorry user charge , which is to be introduced in 2006 and , incidentally , is strongly supported by the main <unk> associations .
It is for that reason that we must support the rapporteur &apos;s demand for such a study of SMEs to be presented before the proposed new directive enters into force and for its findings to be taken into account ; failing that , the development motor that SMEs represent in their regions may be <unk> .
I will address each dossier in turn .
We are fully committed to implementing UN Security Council Resolution <unk> of October 2000 , on women , peace and security , where indeed all these issues mentioned .
Then we will have a real government of bureaucrats !
Equatorial Guinea <unk> / 98 , by Mrs <unk> and others , on behalf of the PPE group , on the death <unk> on fifteen people in Equatorial Guinea ; <unk> / 98 , by Mr Gasòliba I Böhm and others , on behalf of the ELDR group , on Equatorial Guinea ; <unk> / 98 , by Mr Sauquillo Pérez <unk> <unk> and Mr <unk> <unk> , on behalf of the PSE group , on the death sentences pronounced in Equatorial Guinea , <unk> / 98 , by Mr Pasty and Mrs van Bladel , on behalf of the UPE group , on the <unk> imposed on fifteen people in Equatorial Guinea ; <unk> / 98 , by Mr <unk> , on behalf of the <unk> group , on the death penalty imposed on fifteen people in Equatorial Guinea ; <unk> / 98 , by Mr Puerta and others , on behalf of the GUE / NGL group , on human rights : death sentences in Equatorial Guinea ; But I would be grateful to those who are highlighting this aspect in particular if they would finally stop <unk> the majority of this House by suggesting that we wanted to block this reform by linking it with other , legitimate political objectives .
Under the Guatemalan penal code , trafficking in children is not a crime and does not carry a penalty .
I think that there is a job for this Parliament , to implement the internal market in this area , too .
Madam President , if Mrs Dührkop Dührkop can wax <unk> at this late hour I am sure you will allow me a little bit of <unk> if I say first of all that Commissioner Liikanen has virtually stolen my speech .
I cannot understand why , if we have a system of transparency and open competition , how we cannot prevent that from being used as a protectionist smoke screen in the publication of tenders .
I fully acknowledge that the terrorist attacks of 2001 are cause for revising and <unk> our security .
I voted for the <unk> / <unk> amendments .
Nevertheless , we do not feel that adequate solutions to the problems arising for those working in the sector as a result of this process have been provided in the texts before us .
Finally , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , with the enlargement of the European Union now imminent , I would like to stress how valuable membership of Eurocontrol by the accession countries that have not yet joined it will be for everybody in improving air safety .
Russian history claimed that <unk> was an <unk> committed by the Germans , until it was discovered that it was in fact committed by the Russians .
Mr President , that is what I wanted to say in response to the comments made by certain members attending this sitting , and to the questions some of them have asked .
Especially since the failure of the Nice Summit , this Parliament has <unk> for a new method for Intergovernmental <unk> .
First of all , the negotiating authority and mandate of the United States will not continue indefinitely to sustain the life of this round .
The explanatory statement to Mr <unk> &apos;s report is much more <unk> than the report itself , which contents itself with <unk> praise on the Commission <unk> &apos; work in hunting down the slightest hindrance to free competition .
With compulsory cofinancing of direct aid by the Member States , this proposal <unk> a flagrant and unacceptable <unk> in the national budgets of Member States , on what are effectively conditions of submission .
Thank you so much , Mr <unk> Cox .
We must note , today , that Declaration 30 nevertheless provides for a situation in which , at the end of the ratification period , several countries have not managed to complete this procedure .
<unk> controls based on a clear set of rules and respect for the rights of the individual : Community action in this delicate area must be based on this <unk> <unk> .
Why is it not making progress in this area instead of letting the Council dictate to it all the time ?
<unk> in Central Europe is characterised by multifunctionality .
In short , it has three objectives : the Union must become more democratic , more effective and clearer .
If there is a transfer of power in favour of our future Scottish colleague who will be in charge of fishing , there will not be a problem , even if he belongs to a different party from the prime minister .
A state bureaucracy and government apparatus , those of Croatia , have clearly believed that a quick <unk> , a few fine words and official recognition of the role of the opposition are enough for a government and a power system to be defined as democratic .
Unfortunately , experience shows that safety is not created by good rules alone , but that it also requires an inspection system with the necessary powers of access which can act rapidly and , if need be , impose effective sanctions .
Well then , I would like to stress that I voted for the motion , but , in particular , I would call not just for missions to be sent to the various States holding elections to check that the right voting procedures are being followed , but for the voting rules themselves to be controlled as well .
However , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , we must push them a little bit , because otherwise , what I fear you understand to be &quot; what is possible &quot; will be too little for the needs of the European Union .
But there is one thing that we cannot forget .
The applause of this House has shown that , among the <unk> of the <unk> and the silence of the extreme pro-Europeans , we have encountered in you political intelligence and the vision of the greatest pro-Europeans .
Mr President , may I begin by <unk> the rapporteur , who is becoming a real expert on infrastructure and how to improve it .
I have voted against , because no new legal framework is required .
Does this bear any relation to colonial <unk> ?
I would like to ask the Council to review its proposal and to ensure that the European Parliament &apos; s participation in this body is genuinely representative of the European Parliament and reflects all the political forces and all the various political tendencies and beliefs which are currently to be found in Europe .
The Commission hopes that we will very soon have transparent legislation of this kind .
Take a complex issue like interest rate trends or the dismantling of excessive national debt .
Mr President , I should first like to point out that the Commission also believes that our relations with the United States are essential , but that must never stop us from firmly carrying out the actions needed to defend the Union &apos;s interests .
It is naturally difficult - that is clear from the amendments - to find a good formula for the role of the Commission on the one hand and the role of the Member States on the other , who naturally also have to take the interests of the aviation industry into account in order to achieve a proper balance in that area .
I say that subject to one proviso , and an important one : against that background the rules of the single market should apply in their entirety .
I would like to thank all my colleagues from the other committees whose opinions have been invaluable in formulating numerous recommendations which have lent considerable support to this report .
However , the Commission feels that the best time to do so would be after three years had elapsed , as was the case for the first assessment of the Energy <unk> Programme The Commission put forward a revised proposal on 30 May 1996 which reflected Parliament &apos;s amendments .
This immigration is a completely normal and very desirable occurrence which <unk> immigration countries .
This means that a reliable risk analysis is scarcely possible .
I am very glad to hear Mrs Kinnock say that there are experts from our side there , too , trying to sort out the media .
We cannot refuse asylum to people who are in danger in their country , and this is not just an issue for Egypt and Sudan , just as Ceuta and <unk> was not a <unk> issue .
The point here is not the fact that something is being destroyed , but rather the reason why it is being destroyed .
Within the separate expenditure categories , we are still critical of the way in which export subsidies for the transport of live animals are dealt with .
If that happened we could really say that the Brussels Summit and the IGC have failed .
And that is why , Mr Santer , I shall do you a favour and support the motion of censure .
This issue will again be on the agenda of the open network provision committee at its meeting on 20 February 2002 .
It is a general debate .
In a very human , personal way , your journey is part of the modern European journey and so it gives me some licence , I hope , without breaking the rules of copyright – on which we in this House are very particular – to say : Madam President , in the name of freedom , we welcome you .
I know that Member States use them .
With this report , Europe is yet again trying to treat the symptoms of the <unk> rather than its causes .
Sometimes the more we speak , the less we hear - motions : words ; conventions : words ; treaties : words - if we are not careful , words themselves become a substitute for real action .
The President-in-Office of the Council , the Greek Minister for Foreign Affairs Mr <unk> , has the floor .
I feel that less has been done , on the other hand , to attempt to give the elderly a political and institutional position too , to attempt to keep all elderly people in the active world for as long as possible , to make their departure from the world of work more gradual .
That is probably the most important feature of the monitoring directive .
With this war , the <unk> have come off .
The <unk> in the middle and <unk> , the Serbs in the North and East and the Croats in the <unk> all need a model of government that protects their own identities .
Let me say finally , that you should all support a situation in which the expectations and requirements of the European consumer and producer receive better consideration than hitherto .
I can already promise you that we will make use of the time available to us this year to work closely with Parliament in <unk> these proposals .
The end is to maintain fish stocks in a sustainable way .
Mr President , misery and death in Ethiopia were on our <unk> four years ago .
Is it this rule which is to be followed , or others ?
Adjournment of the session I wish to begin by congratulating Mr Kittelmann warmly on the production of an excellent report .
I also think it is right to focus on education , research and innovation , dealing with each of these areas separately but also in the context of the other two .
The directive on <unk> trade in bovine animals is central to the economic survival of livestock farmers , particularly from my own country , Ireland , where we export up to 90 % of our entire livestock production - a very high proportion of which is live exports to continental Europe and beyond .
Paragraph 10 gives an example of this .
Madam President , after the serious business may I end on a <unk> note , with some good news for the region I represent , the north-west of England .
I now expect that action will be taken quickly , and that the Intergovernmental Conference will be used to discuss with the Member States the necessary reforms of the institutions .
Mr President , I would quite simply like to express my <unk> , because it is rare in politics for there to be such harmony amongst the various institutions .
I am sure the honourable Member would not want me to dwell on the excellent policies – in particular the social inclusion policies – that the government of Ireland has recently introduced , but would perhaps want me to make sure that I address this appropriately in a Council dimension .
As regards the connection with the European arrest warrant and the International Criminal Court , I believe that , where there is a choice , the Member States must be free to choose between requests for extradition by the United States and requests to hand people over under the European arrest warrant or from the International Criminal Court , but I would like you to inform us of the positions in the Council .
As Prime Minister , I had to act in accordance with what I considered to be most urgent , but what one considers most urgent is not necessarily what is most important .
Pillar II and pillar III will become very important in the future not so much in monetary terms , but in terms of accountability and democratic control .
I know about this as rapporteur for the SLIM programme , which aimed to simplify statistics for cross-border trade in the internal market .
On the honourable Member &apos;s second question , the Commission has indeed received a number of complaints from <unk> service operators , who contest the application of existing national restrictions to cross-border services .
– The next item is the recommendation for second reading ( <unk> / 2006 ) by <unk> <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety , on the Council common position for adopting a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing an Infrastructure for Spatial Information in the European Community ( <unk> ) ( <unk> / 2 / 2005 – <unk> / 2006 – 2004 / <unk> ( COD ) ) .
This is about establishing a method of working intended to combine this expertise with knowledge about prevention , and doing that without needlessly prolonging the legislative process .
I take on board your question about Irish law and Irish recruitment practices .
Our citizens , especially young people , are used to them , know them and it is furthermore a question of public awareness on the part of European citizens .
Several other human rights defenders are also experiencing legislative and judicial harassment .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , domestic <unk> and <unk> account for 7 % of the total electricity consumption in the European Union .
It is this system of equation that the Commission has been determined to resolve in <unk> its communication <unk> 2000 &apos; .
I should first like to point out that this report is a follow-up to the European Year of People with <unk> 2003 and related issues .
We understand the circumstances which led the Austrian Government to suggest it .
I believe that this can only be done if we , as Europe , are aware of this and at the very least now compile a list of terrorist associations to be assessed at an international level .
Mr President , it is <unk> rare for me to find myself in agreement with large parts of a report drawn up for this Parliament .
After all , this is a candidate country we are talking about , and this disaster is in addition to the existing concern about whether all candidate countries will comply with the EU environmental rules in time .
This directive deals with something quite central to the internal market within the European Union , namely the need to protect those firms which carry out research and development .
Poland and the Slovak Republic , like other countries in central and eastern Europe , will have problems adjusting their education systems , not only in relation to the Union , but also in the context of the new information technologies .
It is , however , clear that preventing or handling specific incidents , such as the protests mentioned by the honourable Member , fall within the exclusive remit of the Turkish authorities .
We have to move beyond the idea of ageing as a <unk> and look on it as a valuable resource to society .
On the contrary , only by dealing with the harmonisation of subsidiary protection will it be possible to adopt the so-called single procedure , which has been welcomed , as a matter of fact , by an increasing number of Member States , in which requests for asylum are studied in order of priority in a single administrative process and are subject to a single final decision .
The tandem concept , by which the individual concerned is allocated an experienced social worker as a guide , is the right answer to the problem of reintegration .
Mrs <unk> can now take up a <unk> position in this battle .
In the course of our six months , we took a few steps in the direction we wanted to go .
The individual should be the subject of all economic processes , and the markets must serve the people , not <unk> .
We cannot vote for paragraph 3 , as it is affected by a Danish reservation .
Why is this ?
Each has its own different problems : each is particular .
It was in that spirit that the Commission asked Parliament not to make the texts of the declarations available to the public at the current stage of the procedure .
Nevertheless , our union has not made us <unk> , nor could it .
It suggests that Kyoto needs to be ratified if we are to combat the greenhouse effect efficiently and calls for greater protection for our cultural and natural heritage , as the honourable Member Mrs De <unk> stresses in her report - and on this we agree .
Our modern <unk> fish the waters dry in record time and force the smaller local <unk> ever <unk> out to sea to find fish .
We <unk> the lack of a European public opinion .
We support the Miguélez Ramos report , and have nothing but praise for the rapporteur ’ s work and for the initiatives she has produced , which are doubtless behind the corrections that are being made to the proposal .
What then should and could the European Union – and we , the European Parliament in particular – do ?
This is a violation of the basic rights of women and children , which we just cannot permit or tolerate .
For this reason , there must be adequate pre-accession aid and a pre-accession period to allow these states to prepare their economies adequately for proper accession .
Certainly , by defining precise criteria the European Commission must develop this concept of absorption capacity .
At that time , on behalf of the Group of the European People &apos;s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats here in this House , I objected to the discrimination by Muslim states that had prohibited women from taking part because they had refused to comply with one specific rule .
Russia has become more involved , which we very much welcome .
I also think measures can be introduced to monitor its effects at all levels , not just on tariff changes and so on .
I have received several requests for amendments to the agenda relating to topical and urgent subjects of major importance .
I am amazed that we are surprised because , in fact , it is not the first time .
Madam President , Mr Prodi , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , I am very grateful for today &apos;s report .
I would be most obliged if the number on which the security service can be reached could also be clearly displayed in the House , so that if anyone wants to report an incident , they can do so quickly and efficiently .
Regarding Chechnya , in particular , I do not think it is possible to say , Mr Oostlander , that the solution cannot be purely military .
But now we are saying we did not know there were so many of you , or that you were so poor .
Bosnia &apos;s future looks bleak .
Mr President , I should like to explain the absence of Mrs Bloch von Blottnitz , who is at present engaged in an attempt in Germany to block the transport of <unk> materials - which we have all read about in the newspapers - which has caused a truly incredible reaction on the part of the German police .
Secondly , in the discussion about the present enlargement , the question is often asked : &apos; where do we stop ? &apos;
The Council could promote a generalised embargo of all <unk> originating in Africa and , above all , the control of certificates .
You are right : the full <unk> that we practice in this House often causes us problems , but please believe me that the services do what they can .
One condition , for example , could be that the identification and registration system must be fully implemented and observed .
Do we have to remind Renault , which long seemed to be a <unk> in the <unk> of the industry and of social progress , what that council <unk> ?
Without this new political consensus , it will be more difficult to reach a compromise and solutions .
We know this system is not ideal , but we have to make do with it for the moment , given the lack of agreement between member states on having a definitive VAT system that is applied at European Union level .
I must congratulate my colleague Mrs <unk> because I believe that she has put together the best of the possible compromises .
This kind of cooperation is currently taking place between Spain and the Commission .
Mr President , I agree with the Commissioner when he said on opening this debate that restructuring is necessary so that activity which is no longer sufficiently productive can be cut back .
However , in a democracy , in a state under the rule of law , there is a separation of powers , and it is not the Spanish authorities but the Spanish court which is preventing him from leaving the country .
Where in this huge building is there a small play area with toys , <unk> , and so on , where we can leave a child safely for a few hours ?
I will declare my support by referring to two points .
Nevertheless , it is expected that a Community tourism policy would provide extra support for the industry &apos;s sustainable development .
We are prepared , however , to accept the deletion of the specific reference to Article 30 of the Treaty .
The transactions underlying the revenue are , taken as a whole , legal and regular .
In addition , the thematic strategy for sustainable urban development , being prepared under the framework of the Sixth Environmental Action Programme , will be a further step in enhancing dialogue between the Commission and national and local authorities .
The Economic Committee has given me until Monday to complete my negotiations with colleagues , the Commission and the Presidency .
I am sorry that Mrs Banotti is not here , for I had promised to thank her personally if the bid were successful , but I hope you can pass on to her what I have said .
As is the case with trade in goods , the basic principles are those of <unk> treatment and national treatment .
For all these reasons and many more , which fall outside these terms of reference , we would like to <unk> and strengthen here the motion for a resolution presented by the Group of the European People &apos;s Party .
We do , however , agree on one thing , and it is for that reason that we have been able to give the motion for a resolution our unanimous backing , that being that both parties to the negotiations on Turkey must see them as open-ended as regards their outcome .
Mr President , there is a well-known saying that well-being is more important than welfare .
It must also stop countries being able to lower their standards , which will be good for asylum seekers , who can be more confident of a fair hearing .
We have not taken drastic action .
We are going to need stronger cooperation and faster decision-making .
They have the right to participate in European discussions .
I cannot believe my ears about what I am hearing .
One after another , speakers have <unk> their belief in the Union and in its splendid achievements .
Madam President , it was nearly two years ago that the Commission adopted its proposal for a directive establishing quality and safety requirements for blood and blood components .
It is a question of having a reliable partner on the international scene , one which cannot be forgotten , as we saw during the most recent Iraq crisis and with the situation in Kosovo .
The same security should be guaranteed throughout Europe .
We feel it is important to increase this threshold , just as we believe that the length of the transitional period for introduction of these regulations should be increased to at least two years , so that your aspirations are fully realised .
We cannot allow irradiation to take place without then <unk> <unk> test methods .
There was strong emphasis , for example , on the part of many of the participants on the need to demonstrate that we can strengthen the Treaty provisions on employment at the level of the Union .
The outcome of the current political debate will depend upon our determination : either we maintain the status quo , which would , in effect , mean a step backwards for Europe , or we allow a partial but <unk> increase in intergovernmental cooperation , or , <unk> , we continue to build on the institutional architecture of the Union in a way that is consistent with the principles of democracy , the balance of powers and subsidiarity .
– Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I thank the Irish Presidency for the diplomacy , method and <unk> with which it approached its difficult work , eventually achieving the objective of approving the Constitution .
By way of conclusion , I should like to say that the situation seems to be improving , although a very great deal remains to be done .
It is true to say that since the attacks on the USA in September the aviation industry has suffered catastrophic consequences , not least on passenger confidence , but in addition for the tens of thousands of jobs which have already been lost worldwide and in particular across Europe .
<unk> , what that means is that the EU can import wine diluted with 7 % of added water or <unk> with wood <unk> , practices that our producers , of course , are absolutely forbidden to use .
As a result of this position , the Commission can accept Amendments Nos 7 , 8 , 9 , 19 , 20 , 24 and 25 , as well as Amendment No 26 , subject to a change of wording .
I think the only sensible thing to do is to withdraw the proposal as quickly as possible .
Today , we can say that progress has been made in these as in many other fields and that the efforts made by the Hungarian authorities have been consistent .
In Spain , there is a refuge as an intermediate point .
<unk> slaughter for BSE only , not for <unk> , is acceptable to me on condition of approval of equivalent measures by commitology .
The negotiations for the conclusion of an action plan are well advanced .
In fact , everything is already in place for the arrival of the euro .
Mr President , as was mentioned before , this is indeed a welcome agreement .
During the course of last year much attention focused on the 27 internal investigations in the Commission .
Unfortunately , much of that aid is of very little use to developing countries unless we also make trade work for them .
I would also like to thank <unk> Spencer for the work he has done for years now in this House in connection with the CO2 tax proposal .
That is why the report by Mr Kaklamanis is a very good report and that is why I will confine myself to Amendment No 1 .
To put it quite plainly this means that no Community funding is planned at this stage .
The farmers and workers concerned are very disappointed by the Commission ’ s proposals of 14 July 2004 .
Applause The objective is to increase their excessive profits by abolishing seamen &apos;s fundamental rights .
This issue has not been resolved at all .
This situation cannot continue for ever .
If you consider what I have just said in connection with what I have said about the protocol , then this means that there is obviously still an opportunity for a solution to be reached between now and the end of 2004 .
It is also a matter of us giving training , and stimulating technical development and cooperation between scientists from NGOs , trades union movements and , not least , authorities .
I hope the European Parliament will follow the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens &apos; Rights in promoting a proper balance between all the interests involved .
Mr President , <unk> money is the reward for organised crime and political corruption .
I agree with both of them so , in principle , this should not be impossible .
Mr President , I shall pass rapidly over those amendments which the Commission agrees with and which seek to either clarify or simplify the text , or to strengthen it along the lines proposed by the Commission .
It is the Council which will be doing this if it does not soon follow us on the path that we have embarked upon here .
It is quite certain that cooperation with third countries regarding Galileo represents an opportunity , but this opportunity must be managed , and the Commission will send another communication to Parliament and the Council this autumn , setting out the broad outline of this cooperation policy .
Quite incredible !
Today a free Republic of Cyprus and member of the European Union is being given the chance to negotiate a fair political solution to the Cyprus question with the occupying force , Turkey , and its local representative , Mr Denktash ; a solution that the overwhelming majority of Turkish Cypriots , together with the Greek Cypriots , rightly hope for .
I am very concerned that , on the labelling of <unk> , <unk> and essential oils , Amendments Nos 21 and 28 involve the introduction of unnecessary requirements which may have a very unfortunate effect on the composition of products , their continued availability and indeed the viability of some of the smaller firms that make them .
We must do everything possible to stop this happening .
The Council has allowed itself <unk> new posts in order to prepare for enlargement .
This is part of the ongoing framework programme to improve the quality of telecommunications services in Europe .
The European Council in Helsinki intends to reach a decision , on the basis of a report by the Commission , to include new applicant countries in accession negotiations .
The House is honour bound to respond with strong condemnation of the actions of the Castro regime and that <unk> of justice <unk> to the dictatorship .
<unk> drugs &apos; ( <unk> ) finding their way on to an illegal market , especially when used in combination with alcohol , are a major and serious problem particularly for young people .
To achieve that competitiveness , the immediate requirement in the less favoured regions is for small and medium-sized enterprises to be able to equip themselves properly , so that they can rise to the challenges of competition , <unk> their businesses today and in the future , and guarantee job stability .
What measures does the Council intend to take to prevent the early retirement of workers once they reach the age of 55 so that the added value of their experience can be used , without reducing the job opportunities for young people and the unemployed ?
It is well known that taxation policy is instrumental in terms of these other policies .
Generally speaking , I appreciate the efforts made by <unk> Bourlanges and , in particular , his attention to detail in the proposals .
Wars and other nationalist or religious conflicts very often lead to the <unk> or conscious suppression of women .
Could Parliament remind the airlines that the flights on the Monday morning of the Strasbourg session will need to take a large number of Members of this Parliament , not just from <unk> but from other places as well .
It may be added that if resources are not used up , this is not the fault of the NGOs &apos; abilities or the number of applications , but because the Commission does not have the resources to deal with the proposals received from NGOs .
Madam President , could I ask Mr Bolkestein to explain to Mr Watts the difference between privatisation and liberalisation ?
Mr Prodi has made a commitment not to put forward any proposal to the Laeken European Council , and it seems right , in fact , that these issues will not be discussed at Laeken , because , in short , these are issues that affect the very essence of the process of drafting a new European Constitution and which should , therefore , be in the Convention itself , and , possibly , at the Intergovernmental Conference .
The combined pressure of civil society and this House has meant that , with greater or lesser resistance , the Council has gradually come to accept the principle that agreements signed with third countries must simultaneously include a political framework to promote democratic principles and human rights .
We already knew that pension funds do not affect the key choices that have to be made by society : what is this question ?
Again , we would like to avoid that and , therefore , in the coming weeks we will try to find a solution under which there will still be aid for some time but it will be reduced and phased out in due time .
The lack or inadequacy of infrastructures , the inability - due to various factors - to attract investment and lagging technology , as seen in the smaller , poorer economies of some States , can be overcome only by retaining fiscal sovereignty .
Let us use our influence to maintain it as a home for freedom in the future .
We are aware that decisions on enlargement taken at the European Council in Helsinki , which will be made with reference to the Commission &apos; s annual report will have a powerful impact on relations between the EU and Turkey .
Despite the Barcelona agreement , they still , to far too great a degree , operate in parallel – the Commission alongside the Member States , multilateral and national development banks side by side – and ultimately <unk> .
I have to say that the text is balanced and , since the trialogue resulted in an interinstitutional agreement , I think we are well on the way to getting it implemented ; I can assure you it will be very well received by all who <unk> another oil <unk> happening sooner or later .
Turkey must stop passing the buck to the EU and trying to exert pressure .
That would be an extraordinary lesson for the region , and far more meaningful than the occupation of Iraq by some US general .
<unk> years ago , one of our fellow Members , named Mr <unk> , gained approval for a report on European parliamentary immunity with the aim of overcoming a situation that , 20 years back , was already limited and <unk> to the scope of the European Parliament as a whole .
On protein crops , there has been a great decline recently - in fact , in the last two years - in the amount of such crops .
The cost of alcohol fell .
I believe that this House should prove itself equal to the task of addressing this issue .
You might ask what Europe &apos;s role is in this internal <unk> within the Member States .
Which is why I shall call for a vote in favour of Mrs <unk> &apos;s amendment tomorrow .
We also need to be told which language version is <unk> .
In addition , the Commission reference should be deleted since the Commission does not necessarily play a role under Part B - national consent .
It is reluctant to enter into the debate on the forthcoming financial perspectives ( from 2006 onwards ) – and this is simply <unk> - on the grounds that the European elections are due to be held soon .
Nor - I regret to say - did the amendments to the report make me any <unk> .
Both speakers very clearly conveyed the idea that what we need is not a Europe of <unk> , but a Europe that is geared to meeting the needs of its citizens - at the service of its citizens .
All we have to do , and it must be our priority , to combat it is , of course , to coordinate the activities .
The specific question was whether a majority in this House would be able to summon up the discipline and the courage to deliver , in their final resolution , a substantial , <unk> <unk> of the qualities of the individual Commissioners and of the new European Commission as a whole .
<unk> of this is the mere existence of national bilateral exchange programmes developed by the Member States .
The number of codes is restricted and , as such , the classification and <unk> of goods by companies is simplified without them needing to take any special measures .
And , basically , considerably more was needed .
The emphasis here must be on prevention and combating drug trafficking , while treatment detection and prosecution are national responsibilities .
Europe cannot tolerate this situation when there are important tasks that cannot be financed .
In line with the position of the Portuguese Government , however , I believe it is important that we now undertake this exercise at European level , in order to ensure the most important factor in this matter , which is a high degree of consumer protection .
There is still no agreement within the Commission that this food should be pesticide free .
That is why we are also in favour of the objectives of the Lamfalussy procedure .
Let me also add that at this difficult time that we should do our utmost to act in a serious and responsible manner and not add to the panic .
The Danish Social Democrats in the European Parliament have today voted in favour of this report because we agree that the EU should develop cooperation in the area of civil law for the benefit of EU citizens .
As far as Turkey is concerned , we must be responsible .
I was a member of the <unk> Group and , when we debated the common foreign and security policy , on a number of occasions people said <unk> <unk> asked : &apos; Who do you ring in the European Union if you want to talk about common foreign and security policy ? &apos;
But just because it indicates the problem it also makes clear what is so far not yet fully known to the public : there is not just Union legislation , there is also a legislative procedure , which can only be applied at Union level and which is also applied there and can therefore be regarded as the core and centre of all Union legislation : the codecision procedure , in which the Commission , the Council and Parliament act together .
Others have already mentioned partnership between equals .
There are also other bodies whose task is to observe and evaluate <unk> access to the market , such as the regulatory and consultative committee set up by Directive 2001 / 12 on the development of the Community ’ s railways , which I have already mentioned , and a large number of working groups , such as the railway <unk> ’ working group or those of the authorities that issue railway licences and safety certificates .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 99 ) by Mr <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , on the communication from the Commission to the Council , the European Parliament , the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions on the development of public health policy in the European Community ( COM ( 98 ) <unk> - <unk> / 98 ) .
Milosevic has been able to act <unk> , in the knowledge of Europe &apos;s <unk> .
The implementation of these proposals leaves no margin to develop the rural economy , leads to the <unk> readjustment of holdings , the disappearance of small-scale cultivation , and an increase in <unk> farmers both in the new Member States and in the existing Member States , increases the profits of the multinationals and reinforces and <unk> the plundering of developing countries and their peoples .
Commissioner , the European institutions have a considerable responsibility to help the citizens of Romania , including the minorities , to recognise the possibilities provided by accession .
Reference has been made to the internal market , and this is the most important environment in which we now operate : here the large subsidies for coal and nuclear energy must be ended and support for renewables as an important aspect of environmental policy must be made realistic .
In a rapidly developing global economy , the most prosperous businesses will be those that are the most flexible .
Perhaps a little more can be done here under ECHO .
Thank you , Commissioner Vitorino .
Mr President , I abstained from the vote for one specific reason : in my opinion , this report has not made the environmental progress that I hoped and called for .
Indeed , this translates , in my view , into the <unk> and democratisation of the European Union , rather than to a situation in which matters which really belong with the parliaments are left to the Council .
I know that a great many of you hope that it will be possible to conclude the Constitutional Treaty before the European Parliament elections , and indeed , privately , that would be my hope and desire too .
.
I may disagree with her interpretation but I do not challenge that she acted according to the Rules and I recognize Mr Anastassopoulos &apos; <unk> defence of his colleague in the Bureau .
I am profoundly convinced that the war on terrorism can be won only if we wage it within the <unk> set by our democracy and by the rule of law , not least international law .
In fact they have been continuing today and will continue further .
And yet what Europe is trying to find at the moment – in order to ensure that the rich <unk> of today &apos;s <unk> Europe is properly represented within all the institutions – is people who have opinions , people who have visions , people who can best represent the countries that nominate them .
The very nature of the proposal therefore leads me to conclude that it is not acceptable to the Committee on the Environment .
Mr President , despite the fact that a large proportion of the population of Nicaragua is desperately poor , Nicaragua has the highest debt per head in the world .
The real inequality affects those who would survive only if they were able to afford 200 000 marks for a drug , but do not have the means to do so .
<unk> cooperation would cause most policies , including the most sensitive ones , to be centralised to a still greater degree than they are already .
What are we building up for our children and grandchildren ?
A recent positive signal is the likely ratification of the ILO Convention on the prohibition of child trafficking .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 99 ) by Mr Cabrol , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection , on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council Regulation ( EC ) on orphan medicinal products ( COM ( 98 ) <unk> - <unk> / 98-98 / <unk> ( COD ) ) .
The programmes for the new assistance period 2000-2006 have now been approved for practically all the Member States , and so we can expect , and also hope , that the first projects of the operational programmes can be implemented next year , which will require an appropriate level of funding to be made available in the budget .
This policy has been developed as a response to the new opportunities and challenges created by enlargement .
In conclusion , I accept that <unk> <unk> involvement is not simply - nor principally - an issue of funding .
As the Commissioner said earlier , these <unk> steps are in danger of having a harmful effect upon developments in the rest of the region .
The work programme also gives high priority to the endeavours to gain recognition of the EU &apos;s positions on human rights policy in relation to specific countries and issues in the framework of the United Nations .
These groups must become far more aware of their educational role and should be adopting an <unk> and <unk> stance .
( The Commissioner indicated that he would speak later ) Very well , thank you .
This is nonsense and it also appears that the experts in the European Commission who have worked on the reform of the Structural Funds have not read the new Amsterdam Treaty , which provides for the specific nature of island regions either through a <unk> of Article <unk> or through the attached declaration .
We have therefore worked very hard to try to find a solution that is both legally sound and sustainable , by refusing a moratorium on the regulation of differences of opinion as a solution to this question and rejecting any ideas of derogation from the outset .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I am standing in for Mr <unk> <unk> who is unable to be with us .
We often hear calls for more single market , more harmonisation .
For its part , <unk> threatens public services and State missions when there has not yet been any evaluation of what effect liberalisation may have .
If the next Swedish presidency <unk> from <unk> <unk> party political points and genuinely focuses on Europe &apos;s interests , it might deserve &quot; very good &quot; .
It would probably be easier to make everything that is illegal legal , but we cannot do this .
After all , the Kyoto Agreement more than merits compliance .
It is monstrous that the threat should be made that it might not be allowed to do so .
Firstly , the application process and Parliament ’ s practice of <unk> are at odds with one another .
What has happened ?
The report contains advances - regarding in particular the defence of human and minority rights , and the intention not to encourage <unk> in the fields of culture , education and health , in the interests of social cohesion .
<unk> an institution which , through its <unk> and statistical work , is in fact the guarantor of the Stability and Growth Pact : it <unk> the application of the Maastricht criteria .
Not all of us have drawn up a national action programme to meet our commitments under the Convention on Biological Diversity .
<unk> / 2001 by Mr Collins and others , on behalf of the Union for Europe of the Nations Group ; The EU has reduced its emissions by 3 % below the 1990 level but more has to be done to reach the 8 % target agreed in the Kyoto Protocol .
If Parliament turns a blind eye to such incitement to hatred , then we will be made to look ridiculous .
Question No 12 by Carlos <unk> <unk> ( <unk> / 03 ) : The Group of the European People &apos;s Party welcomes the Commission draft regulation and I would like to congratulate Mr <unk> Triviño , the rapporteur , on his work in this regard .
Mr <unk> , the new candidate from Latvia , gave a convincing and impressive account of himself .
The reasons for this were commendable , and our group supported them .
This enlargement will be much more important than the previous ones .
I will leave aside the feeding of <unk> birds because I wish to look at a different form of <unk> , that is the <unk> waste represented both by the recycled swill in some countries and by recycled <unk> oils in others , including my own .
I believe it is interesting to return to the report of the <unk> Commission , where climate changes - the climate issue - is cited as being the environmental issue of greatest priority in the report <unk> and Development &apos; .
Whereas this represents added value for Europe by helping to resolve a common problem , it <unk> effect as a result of coming up against the nationalist and police barriers that every Member State is now building for itself - simply sand <unk> that fall apart when the wind blows a little harder .
It has been a great honour to be involved in this .
It is for that reason that the <unk> <unk> - and sometimes it is said that these are technical questions - should be discussed .
We also understand that there are plans to keep the Parliament working through the summer holiday period to allow progress in the key areas of accession preparations .
Before the vote on Amendment No 118 I ask Parliament to at least understand that all the working papers – some of which reflect the shifting positions of Member States – could , on the one hand , be thrown open to public scrutiny ; but on the other hand , the character of those papers would probably be altered if they were to be the subject of constant scrutiny .
The report was rejected , but sadly the Constitution lives on .
The rail sector will certainly be a priority then , along with the <unk> of a Trans-European railway network , or to put it in other words , interoperability .
That is why we are being quite ambitious and going further than the proposals set out in the Berlin Agenda for the first year of membership and why we are proposing more money .
So if <unk> <unk> , which recently held a referendum on the final disposal of radioactive waste in its area , had said yes rather than no , would it also have been permissible to <unk> foreign waste there ?
<unk> We are , therefore , going to be involved in a second world summit in Tunisia , but it is likely that by the time we arrive , the President , Mr <unk> Ali , will have imprisoned a further two or three hundred Internet <unk> to protect the information society from those making use of the freedom that it offers .
( The President declared the common position approved as amended ) <unk> those measures the Treaty provides for clear guidance as regards financing Community environmental policy being , as a rule , the responsibility of Member States .
That is what I said at the outset , but I am persuaded that there is still something that can be done in the face of this bureaucratic <unk> .
These are more than mere figures .
It is the natural follow-up to the 1998 Commission communication on access to justice and the notification by Member States of their <unk> bodies applying the principles set out in Recommendation 98 / <unk> .
No one will now deny that the European employment policy , since it first started in 1997 , has led to a certain level of convergence stress in the Member States and has brought with it increasing unanimity as to what an active labour market policy in Europe could be .
For too long they have been the poor relation , particularly to the vast funds that the nuclear lobby has been able to access by fair means or <unk> , as I have already outlined .
But I would like to remind all of you that according to Article 33 of the Treaty the primary responsibility for the maintenance of law and order lies with the Member States .
I think we should recognise that there is now a new democratically-elected government in Indonesia and that , for the first time in 40 years , there is now a civilian defence minister .
Tourism is a key sector in Europe , and the euro will definitely provide a huge degree of additional transparency .
We also wished him all possible cooperation and collaboration , and every success in his work , not least because his predecessor was a very hard act to follow .
EU resources would then be made available to fund key reconstruction activities , such as the rebuilding of basic social infrastructure , including health , education , water and sanitation services .
Mr President , the fact of the matter is that a very ambitious and serious attempt is under way to resolve the everyday problems of European citizens , the success of which will help strengthen the political dimension of European unification , because European unification and a single European area obviously imply more than just a single market and a common currency .
To this end , Mrs McNally , I therefore propose to establish an <unk> group , consisting of all those Commission services whose policies and programmes relate to the present programme .
What has changed is Parliament &apos;s attitude , as , at that time , we were already debating the rights and <unk> of the 25 % rule .
What confidence can we have that the Commission will ensure that all Member States will comply and fulfil the commitments made in relation to reducing carbon ?
The historical responsibility for our generation is to do for the whole of Europe as the generation <unk> , <unk> , Monnet and Spaak did for France and Germany : to build one communal house , a joint framework within which power is subordinate to the law .
We talked about the cultural aspects too , and I would recommend that those aspects should also be addressed in all the discussions on the economy .
He has done a service to the committee and also to this House by pointing out that this procedure appears to be almost always one-way .
.
My last speech , fifteen years later , is also in the evening , before an almost equally reduced audience .
I congratulate my colleagues in the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens &apos; Rights for their tenacity in demanding that a fast-track approach was not appropriate in this situation .
I also think that the correct legal basis is indeed Article 95 , as stated in the Commission ’ s proposal .
In this respect - and some of you have wondered whether or not it is necessary - I would like to say that the idea is that they are compatible and that they benefit each other mutually .
You can be proud of it .
The final priority is environmental protection for growth and jobs .
We want to make sure that the other countries too can and do implement our social standards and basic social rights .
We will have to reach a compromise on the question of real <unk> , budgetary <unk> .
It is a model , moreover , in which citizens have to seek out information for themselves and not the other way round : this simply means that no information reaches the great majority of the people concerned .
There are immense problems in the world and there are some severe cases of conflict .
Mr President , Commissioner , in this Common Position , many of the amendments adopted by this House at first reading have been taken on board .
All the completion of the formal Commission procedures for the adoption of such a report may appear too long and , frankly , sometimes it is .
The conclusions also include a challenge to the Council to examine the individual proposals from the Commission .
Finally , the Commission can accept Amendment No 10 banning the use of sparkling wine <unk> or <unk> of a similar type for what are called <unk> sparkling wines because it is designed to make the products that have traditionally used these types of bottle more <unk> and to prevent the public from being misled .
I simply wish to say to Commissioner Patten that I knew he had informed us that he would miss some of the debate .
It appears to me that they have not taken any notice of it .
In fact , these decisions are intended to transfer the burden of restructuring the American steel industry onto the rest of the world , and in particular onto us .
This results in their not being able to find work either .
The educational aspect lies in the fact that we shall all be better able to see what we are getting for our money .
The idea of a global charter is interesting and I am in favour of it , even if it cannot answer all the challenges <unk> in developing new communication tools .
It is regrettable that the EP has not taken the opinion of its Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market and rejected this initiative from the European Commission .
<unk> for fish is high .
However , at the present time , only a few countries in the world accept refugees through resettlement .
All sixteen conclusions in the report were adopted by unanimity .
We do , however , have a good opportunity to improve the draft by means of amendments .
Under Rule 96 ( 1 ) , on behalf of my group , I request that the report be placed back on the agenda .
Mr President , I am a firm <unk> in the Lisbon strategy because it consists of a great many different policy areas that have to be coordinated .
We know full well what to think about Mr Lukashenko ’ s dictatorship .
I should just like to ask two more questions .
In my opinion , zero tolerance is the only way to systematically tackle any infringement and efficiently penalise any breach .
All the objectives I have just described are clear and achievable and we believe essential .
I am in favour of a diverse Europe which works together for common solutions where these are necessary .
I wonder how the Cuban government will respond to this , but I urge the President to encourage this initiative to bring an end to a <unk> dictatorship in Cuba by sending a <unk> on behalf of the European Parliament .
The great majority of them are firms employing at most 10 employees .
For example , is the Commission in a position to say , in terms of preventive measures in the face of new types of drugs , how we are going to safeguard our external frontiers to ensure that we do not have more drugs inside the Union than we do at present ?
This requires that the region speak out clearly in favour of political , economic and social reform .
Mr President-in-Office , the elections for the European Parliament fall during your Presidency .
I repeat : whatever the justification was for this derogation , the Commission is of the opinion that the transitional period will have been sufficiently long , namely nine years from Sweden &apos; s accession to the EU until the end of 2003 , and that it is now time to establish a definite expiry date for this derogation from the principles of the free movement of goods and persons .
Mr President , I am not going to <unk> on the notion of a package but I can tell you that my group intends to vote enthusiastically for the Sterckx report and the Savary report and is delighted to be able to do so tomorrow .
What we need , then , is a drastic policy of fishing fleet reduction .
Allow me to address a number of points I think are important .
I also thank Members for not bringing into question the health standards which the Commission has proposed .
When I was drafting the recommendation for a second reading to be discussed today , I took into account the fact that in the first reading Parliament was exceptionally unanimous and accepted all the amendments proposed .
Your country , and yourself personally , have demonstrated this in the Great <unk> region and you are doing so at this very moment in <unk> <unk> .
I would stress the importance of milk produced by young farmers and of supporting the product at this difficult time for the farming world .
I would thus like to have your opinion , Minister , on the decision of the Council of Research Ministers , held on <unk> February , to reduce the Fifth Framework Programme to ECU 14 billion .
We can only confront our defects if we know what they are .
We are about to see the conclusion of the ratification procedure and the entry into force of the Amsterdam Treaty .
We should react in the most vigorous way .
We therefore demand political dialogue and a political solution and commit ourselves to the means of pressure we have at our disposal , even the blocking of new TACIS projects or the refusal to provide food aid to Russia .
What we are now undertaking in the financial and monetary field is what we undertook ten years ago with the establishment of the European single market for goods and services , ensuring the general freedom of movement for capital , workers and goods .
The Green Paper had also asked for written opinions on the questions put forward .
We will help him to address it , trying to ensure that the publicity for the achievements of the Stability Pact goes to the pact , rather than to individuals .
Moreover , cooperation agreements between Asian countries and the EU - one thinks of Laos and Vietnam - are meaningless unless they are actually adhered to .
In this light , I would argue , and I hope that the majority of Parliament will vote likewise by means of the amendments presented by my group and others , for a &quot; yes &quot; , but on the strict condition that we see realism , respect for the law , respect for institutional balance , but above all , Mr President , respect for the citizens and their interests .
The debate is closed .
This movement highlights the need for both vigilance and attention on our part .
She said she could not get on to that particular bus but there would be a <unk> bus along in a little while .
The Commission supports this precautionary approach towards the emissions of <unk> <unk> .
<unk> training in how to deal with earthquakes and floods as well as in preventing violence would be welcome in many parts of the world .
If you look at countries such as Denmark , Sweden or Finland , you see economies which maintain high social and environmental standards and are also globally competitive .
Brian ’ s family is not alone : there are many such cases in the UK where people have lost loved ones to such violent deaths , yet no one is punished or held to account publicly in a court of law .
It then becomes clear that their strategy is one of <unk> statements , attacks on culture and on workers &apos; rights , opposing the right to strike , opposing the self-determination of workers .
In fact , these are only <unk> solutions / <unk> solutions .
The Finnish Minister for Justice and Minister for Home Affairs attended the <unk> Conference organised for 24 and 25 March this year by the European Parliament on the creation of an area of freedom , security and justice .
He was also speaking on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists , who made this request .
I cannot believe that <unk> and his government were unaware of what was happening , that is , massive fraud at the expense of the Albanian people .
If there is any doubt about this , it is enough to try asking how many women there are among Heads of State or Government .
It is simply populist to <unk> over the long-standing failure or lack of interest on the part of politicians towards this issue by threatening a veto - it will not have the desired effect and it will not create a constructive basis for negotiations .
First I would recall that the present Swedish legislation on the importation of spirits is a derogation from one of the principles of the internal market .
Parliament adopted the resolution They also insist on a universal service that is not a minimum service , but one which ensures optimum coverage of the whole national territory .
Applause Of course it is still useful to <unk> the instruments according to the two main types of possible measures .
Madam President , in that case - I understand your position - I should like to move that we postpone the vote until tomorrow or Thursday .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , first of all , I wish to congratulate Mrs Gebhardt on her report on the creation of the Eurojust unit .
Far from sticking <unk> to principles and to ideological points of view , everything should be <unk> to the great goal of the war on poverty .
I would like to point out that , in June 2001 , the World Bank decided , of its own accord , to suspend the meeting it was going to hold in Barcelona .
There are enough stumbling blocks already without adding others ...
In particular , I would call upon the Commission and the Council to ensure that their presence in that Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly is a match for the circumstances , because at previous meetings they have perhaps not been as present as we would have liked or as we requested .
Why does the world community not intervene in regard to Israeli nuclear weapons ?
For the Balkans , just to mention a few points , the level of aid should stabilise after the years of reconstruction .
( Applause ) I would like to finish by clarifying a number of points .
On trade issues , if EU markets are to remain open , we have to see to it that we need a genuine , bilateral and multilateral response from China implementing the letter and spirit of the WTO commitments .
For example , the specific programmes of the European Union Research and Development Framework Programme are submitted to Parliament for its opinion , as is the case for the Financial Regulation .
It is , indeed , a very welcome development that an opinion on sustainable tourism should be worked out at European level .
The veto system leads to a complete stalemate , and I am sorry that Mr De <unk> did not stress this point more in his report .
To put it another way , the funds are one of the main ways of guaranteeing the reduction of unemployment and greater employability in those regions within the framework of joint programmes - together with the Member States , naturally .
For this reason alone , supported also by the well-known UN resolutions and the reference which has already been made to the constant violation of human rights , Kashmir is no longer a problem that can be swept under the carpet and not debated in this Parliament , as has happened for many years .
It is time to ensure that the delays which currently afflict the management of these important Funds are not ignored ; it is time to correct them and to add new features .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , having reached this stage of the debate and taking into account what has already been said , I shall simply begin by saying that this Brussels Council was a Council that gave us no surprises , good or bad .
<unk> the subsidy , however , would make my community even poorer , a community whose farmers have lost 80 % of their income in 2 <unk> years .
What is the Council &apos;s view ?
You have received these codes and I will listen attentively to your observations .
If legitimate interests call for confidentiality , those interests can be stated and access can be limited , for example , to the chairman of the committee , rapporteurs and an individual spokesman from each group .
I appreciated the trust and cooperation of Mr <unk> , Mrs <unk> and Mr Turmes as well as the draftsmen of the opinions , especially Mr Langen .
Today , while <unk> an emergency debate which has prevented us from having the necessary <unk> debate , I tabled amendments to call for an extension of the <unk> directive , to reiterate the importance of shipbuilding , to demand the principle of parity between the Member States , to declare the OECD agreement on this matter <unk> and to increase the rates of possible aids in all Member States of the European Union to bring them in line with the reality of the market .
I want to pick up a few specific points in relation to issues that he has kindly incorporated in the final report .
Moreover , you are only considering the basic <unk> .
From this point of view , the report by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs does not meet the expectations of the citizens of Europe , in that it fully supports the policy of the European System of Central Banks and , on several counts , is going beyond that policy by calling for even greater liberalisation .
Mr President , the coordination of the economies of Europe is vital for the development of the EU .
This directive does not seek to harmonise the Member States &apos; systems , or access criteria that vary from country to country with regard to information that is universally accessible and information that is not .
Does he think that this policy needs to be reviewed and that an individual regulation to suit each Member State is required in the spending of structural funds ?
You rightly pointed to the importance of not <unk> Turkey .
And as Mr <unk> rightly points out , this is hardly what we want .
Legal certainty and the fight against crime go hand in hand .
It does indeed appear in our communication , and in the White Paper which was presented by Mrs Cresson .
I believe that answers Mr <unk> &apos; basic question .
Mr President , many of the amendments - and certainly all those to which my group has given its name - are clearly and directly aimed at preventing any <unk> from this directive into the patenting of computer software itself .
Liberalisation is indeed continuing , in particular in order to respond to the southern countries &apos; interests with regard to market access .
As we are pushed for time , I will conclude with the following question : does the Commission sincerely believe that the text it proposed will serve to speed up the implementation of the Fifth Programme and improve the quality of the Union &apos;s environment , or will we have to wait , as usual , for a new sixth action programme ?
But it is clear that school milk has an added value for the <unk> pattern of children and contributes to a better diet , particularly in urban areas .
Secondly , economic and monetary union is now firmly on track .
I hope that this important activity of the Commission will become better known to the public .
Although it is not my wont to defend the Council and particularly to defend the President-in-Office , who is a member of the opposition party in my own country , I think that some of the comments from the Members here do not do justice to the House , and I would say that the Minister is doing a good job in very difficult circumstances .
<unk> have such great expectations been held of an EU presidency as of the German Presidency in the first half of 1999 .
There are a number of hopeful signs in this report .
The Commission is the only body responsible for evaluation and it is therefore only reasonable that it should also be the Commission which decides the criteria .
Why do young people face so much unemployment and <unk> ?
In this instance , we would like every Member State to be opposed to bananas imported from third countries where such clauses are not respected .
In spite of that , they have succeeded in driving forward the European ship by keeping the Union as one of their foremost priorities .
This has given us greater responsibilities , because we must now issue directives and interpret responsibly a role which until recently was a mere aspiration .
<unk> institutions are aiming to gain substantial increases in the number of posts .
It concerns the safeguards that apply to the sharing by the United States of PNR data with law enforcement authorities in third countries .
I will conclude by recalling a beautiful phrase from <unk> <unk> who , without any doubt , was the <unk> of the Oslo process , together with <unk> Peres .
I welcome these decisions .
Thank you very much , Mr Barroso .
All the honourable Members have thereby made commitments to the electorate which include defending and promoting measures which I hope are reflected in the draft budget I am presenting for your approval .
Otherwise , we shall strain at a <unk> and <unk> a <unk> and public health will suffer as a result .
There ought to be experts in the EU &apos;s delegations in third countries .
In particular , I think that the compromise reached on Mrs Scheele &apos;s report is a clear step forward .
The European Union is a community of values and objectives .
But the major simplification which is in Agenda 2000 is still required before we can feel <unk> and everybody in the Union can run the Community programmes according to the rules and interpret these rules in the same way .
And why is this so ?
Therefore , we all feel that Guantánamo should be closed as soon as possible .
We want to ensure that all the citizens of the Union are given opportunities to integrate fully into the workplace and to this extent we must ensure the intensification of training and education programmes for those without skills as well as putting in place <unk> opportunities for the existing workforce .
Quite unilaterally , Mr Söderman grasped the <unk> and was successful .
I think we must remain vigilant in the face of this crisis .
Furthermore , an external audit has been commissioned , which is nearly complete , and we will see what these independent external experts recommend and also adjust our future policy to that .
I look forward to <unk> from the Council .
Mr President , a few days ago , this Parliament ’ s Bureau rejected the use of Catalan and the other <unk> languages of the Spanish State between the citizens and this institution , which should be the institution closest to and most representative of their interests .
Johannesburg revealed precisely the need for supranational governance which can tackle the world &apos;s many environmental , economic and social issues , focusing particularly on the poor and developing countries .
It is not acceptable that compliance or non-compliance with the Resolution should be a matter for the Americans to decide on their own !
The report includes many of our amendments , and I support these with few exceptions .
Thirdly , I think it important that socio-economic research is not just carried out as a <unk> , but is connected horizontally to the other research areas .
These concern the simplification and application of Community law .
We do not agree with the notion whereby European standards and rules have to be compulsory in the economic field but whereby subsidiarity and opt-out clauses need systematically to be invoked when it comes to social rights and to the protection of workers ’ health .
Unfortunately , since the day he was released , Mr <unk> has been held hostage by his country &apos;s government .
It made me start talking about what I call the <unk> Afghanistan &apos; .
In Vienna yesterday Austria set out the ongoing and planned future EU activities on the return of the refugees .
There is also a lack of approximation , or rather a growing <unk> between the incomes of a small number of rich people and a larger number of poor people .
Of course , as the European Parliament has emphasized , this new stage in the process of European integration will only produce tangible results if a clear political will arises in favour of a common approach within the Union .
In others a very slow process may be building up where , simply because of what is happening in the country , it may be possible to alleviate the situation before it goes too far .
I might also mention en <unk> the situation with regard to the legislation on Iran and Libya , the so-called D <unk> legislation .
As yesterday we did not even manage to decide what minimum would make lively debates possible , I shall henceforth be taking the liberty of stating the number of members present when I address them , so I <unk> fifteen ladies and gentlemen .
I want to concentrate on some of the achievements of the summit and , in particular , the policy that I called for after the Geneva Summit , which relates to how we can spread the capacity for computer science and research to the developing world so that they can develop their own products .
As I explained in my reply to the honourable Member on 31 March of this year , the Commission is aware of demographic trends and changes in family structures , but the Community has very limited powers in the whole area of family policy .
<unk> on <unk> <unk> Today &apos; and unless they are making some kind of joke about us , they will not be making any comment on the importance of the decisions we are making here .
At the beginning of the twenty-first century , there are more slaves in the world than were <unk> from Africa in the previous centuries .
The current conflict in Côte d &apos;Ivoire is not a very good background for stopping this agreement .
Question No 41 by ( <unk> / 02 ) : This compromise , of course , has already been agreed with the Member States as being more appropriate .
We should financially participate in the reconstruction of Zimbabwe and land reform there once Mr Mugabe has gone and within a proper constitutional framework - but not now .
There is no doubt that supplementary pension funds are a vital instrument in looking after future generations in Europe , not least to guarantee a sustainable financial equilibrium in the long term .
Whether the training programmes as such will be part of the proposal to be finalised around the summer of next year , I do not know .
Also inconceivable in the context of the rule of law is the fact that there is no possibility of appeal .
We are thus opposed in principle to the <unk> Water Directive and have voted against the Conciliation Committee ’ s compromise .
We should also remember Lebanon itself , which has been ravaged for many years , under the domination of one foreign power while part of its territory is occupied by another .
But this debate should never be misused for other purposes .
We are still vulnerable , and we still have a problem with waste .
In Greece , for example , the price per unit for local and long distance calls has risen over <unk> and profits have risen a <unk> since Greek <unk> and mobile telephony were <unk> .
The delay should not be too long because the Court has already announced a deadline of 6 June for the parties to present their arguments and it seems that the Court is speeding up its proceedings and may well reach a judgment before the summer .
However , if such an application is submitted , it will be examined in accordance with the procedure provided for in Regulation No <unk> / 92 on certificates of special character for agricultural products and foodstuffs .
In the present economic circumstances in the European Union , with deficit amounts and public debt being severely limited , it is very difficult to find the levels of investment needed for the pan-European transport infrastructure networks .
Let us <unk> it with a view to investing more in Europe ’ s assets , in human capital and in research and innovation .
We know of examples where employees have been unjustly thrown out of work .
All we can adopt at second reading is a watered-down version of the most far-reaching proposals that we voted on six months ago after the first reading .
I would stress , however , that we are in the early stages of a policy that aims to provide passengers with a guarantee of new rights .
Proposal for a Council regulation extending the programme of incentives and exchanges for legal practitioners in the area of civil law ( <unk> - civil ) &#91; COM ( 2000 ) <unk> - <unk> / 2000 - 2000 / <unk> ( CNS ) &#93; Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs I also need to take a look at my own country , which is making far too little use of the opportunity - I am thinking of agricultural and environmental regulation <unk> / 92 - to make agriculture much more environmentally friendly through cofinancing .
There are no objective answers to those <unk> questions .
In the case of services of general interest , we agreed that competition law , the subsidy rules , and the internal market , meant that there was room for exceptions , to which subsidiarity would apply on the grounds that they can be shown to possess features from and be defined in terms of different identities and cultures .
On the other hand , it can state its interest in favour of disseminating all the good practices - and we are well aware that some practices in some Member States are better than in others - in terms of information and consultation .
At the same time , we call on the Member States to adopt legislation making it possible for any of their nationals who commit such crimes against children in another country to be prosecuted before their courts .
We , too , are trying to advance regional integration – how did Europe manage it ?
Nothing will be achieved if we take with one hand and give with another .
But the Netherlands had <unk> &quot; money back from Europe &quot; over and above &quot; value for money &quot; .
It is excellent that the European Union , whose own external sovereignty is very weak , has , in a core area of its foreign policy , human rights , focused on the elimination of these two serious ills especially now when thoughts about armed security dominate the shaping of the new world order and at the same time violence against a country ’ s own citizens is <unk> becoming of relative importance .
He <unk> with passion and knowledge about the problem , because he understands what needs to be done , because he is not afraid to <unk> <unk> in his own country , and because he cares .
Amendment No 38 is therefore particularly sensible ; I endorse it and hope that it will receive wide support , expressly in order to prevent the Mediterranean and Nordic countries from being placed in a position of disadvantage in comparison with the central regions of the European Union , as far as this area of production is concerned .
I would like to be able to take a robust first amendment position on this as has been upheld in the courts in the United States .
European agriculture has developed a <unk> sector and its efforts must not be reduced to nothing by arbitrary decisions .
A final important point on the general regulation has to do with Parliament &apos;s role in the application of the Structural Fund Regulation .
It may be that the Court of Auditors , in conjunction with Parliament , will have to draw up a timeframe for changing legislation of that kind .
That is why we recommend adopting the text in the form that was approved by the Committee on Legal Affairs and to reject the amendments tabled in plenary .
This issue will be discussed in the <unk> which will be taking place in New York between 19 and the end of March .
The next item is the vote .
It is unfortunate that objective 6 , which was meant for the cold and <unk> regions , should be just a component of objective 1 , because the objective 1 criteria do not take into account the special problems of the objective 6 regions .
What are we doing ?
The Commission rejects 10 amendments in full : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 and 10 .
This is the problem of a Europe being constructed from amongst nations and federations .
In doing so she achieved what we wanted to achieve ; we will be able to start the Erasmus Mundus programme at the beginning of 2004 .
In our countries , no one understands the national parliaments not having a decisive say and control in policing and justice matters .
Coming from Portugal as I do , I am particularly sensitive to this issue , as you will understand .
This too offers new opportunities for collaboration , to Latin America &apos;s advantage .
Mr Herzog said that there is no Community logic in the networks , which is clear in some cases , and that in order to establish this internal market in the gas and electricity sectors we do not just need regulatory standards , but also infrastructures that support this idea of an internal market , and security within this internal market that allows sufficient capacity for <unk> demand points ; extraordinary increases or extraordinary situations .
The present debate provides a useful opportunity for an exchange of views on these important issues and we look forward to similar opportunities in the future .
The silence is especially <unk> on how to achieve political union without setting a serious timetable for common foreign and defence policy .
As the honourable Member has noted , the Heads of State and Government nevertheless specified that <unk> time questions of common interest are concerned , they will be discussed by ministers of all the Member States . &apos;
I think it is important , on the wider issue of our relationship with the Council on CFSP and other matters , that there be absolute consensus among the groups of this House which is why I did not press this matter , as you know we could have done , earlier .
I am delighted , and proud , to have been appointed rapporteur and I wish to sincerely thank my colleagues in my new group for <unk> me with this new task , and also to thank all the other Members who gave me their help , not to mention the members of the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy , and my <unk> .
<unk> , I do not think we should do that .
An additional element is that certain EU Member States have decided , in the form of the Schengen agreement , to go one step further than Article 7a of the Maastricht Treaty , which <unk> this right to free movement of persons .
<unk> and play on your own <unk> .
From all of this , ladies and gentlemen , we can only draw the following conclusions .
Since when did the European Union decide to arm communist dictatorships ?
( Applause from the right ) As far as the assessment of technical need is concerned - and here I appeal to you , Mr Bangemann - we really must arrive at some agreement once more as to how this term is defined .
However , after five years , it has become clear that short shipping is still merely an empty promise which has not been kept , despite the verbal support by the Transport Council of 8 December 1999 , which considered short sea shipping as a priority .
And suddenly the efforts are achievable , to an extent that no member of the follow-up committee , in any group , had believed possible six months ago .
The Member States are responsible for the enforcement of any activities against <unk> .
There is no better way to counter scepticism than to provide education .
Furthermore of the 130 million <unk> children in the world , 90 million do not have access to primary education .
Finally , I should like to congratulate Mr <unk> on his report which gains my Group &apos;s full support .
Therefore , I must once again welcome the fact that the Protocol on Social Policy has been included in the Amsterdam Treaty .
Indeed , it has already been acknowledged by the presidency , and <unk> have been made to the resolution which I hope will be acceptable .
The first point concerns the concept of good farming practice , which means that farms that are managed in accordance with the principle of good farming practice will in future receive full financial aid .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the multiplicity of taxation systems and the way they are in competition with one another result in a situation whereby economic growth cannot be <unk> <unk> in the direction of employment .
The key issue will be the interaction between the two centres of decision making , NATO and the EU , and the impact of this on the transatlantic relationship .
van Velzen report ( <unk> / 97 ) <unk> in Albania Furthermore , a series of points in the report confirm that the European Parliament has clearly understood that there is a close link between these three objectives and the balance between them must be maintained .
As long as we remain <unk> in this politically correct <unk> , we will be unable to develop an efficient strategy against the terrorism that is threatening us .
<unk> of opinion , where they occur , only relate to aspects that are relatively minor in comparison with the aims that are being pursued here and which are : to achieve , within a decade , a substantial improvement in the level of protection provided for users of major trans-European road network <unk> .
<unk> Tous report Three , the Commission is instructed to table this regulation for negotiation with the contracting parties to the <unk> .
Applause It is clearly unlawful discrimination , and there should be equality for <unk> as well as for <unk> , as we say in Denmark .
The proposal for enabling oil reserves to be released , even if there is no physical shortage , may appear sound at first glance , but it is clear , where this too is concerned , that such an arrangement would entail large problems and risks .
In spite of its <unk> and the shortcomings in the way it has been applied , this legislation has made a major contribution to reducing discrimination against women , especially in the workplace .
Therefore , certain references do not seem necessary to us , such as its not exceeding 2003 .
The Commission , like Parliament , has every interest in supporting proposals designed to make the initiative ever more effective and relevant .
Mr Mann is right to say that we should do more on vocational education and training .
<unk> capacity in Europe is already huge .
I know that the situation is different in different countries , but I find it strange that the lowest possible price is a consideration with such a dominant role to play in the Commission &apos;s proposal .
It is high time the make-up of the <unk> , as well as its voting procedures , were subjected to a thorough <unk> .
In addition to the answer I gave Mr Schulz , I would also like to reiterate that , as you know , a certain number of initiatives have been taken .
Let us not miss that opportunity .
Nor can deaths be assumed to be murders without definite proof .
That is why we urgently need registration , firstly of the product , secondly of its movements and thirdly of the <unk> .
This is also absolutely vital as there is much debate going on in all our Member States about how men can be included in the promotion of equality .
In 1997 they were down 38 % from 1996 , to <unk> <unk> million .
I know that you are a specialist on the matter .
I am grateful to my colleagues in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs and the Committee on Women &apos;s Rights for their amendments , most of which I have incorporated into the report .
I would also like to agree with the other speakers who have highlighted a few specific points in these reports .
But I do think the title of the proposal was an unfortunate choice .
The Commission fully shares your concern about making progress fast .
Member States also have the right to request <unk> information from manufacturers for use by their <unk> centres .
The good leadership and management of the European Central Bank has undoubtedly contributed to this <unk> and we should congratulate it and its President since , during the early months of the establishment of the euro , when the initial approaches were adopted , they had to overcome - and they did it skilfully - certain adverse circumstances at moments which were clearly delicate at an internal as well as an international level .
This is a particularly interesting point when we take account of the fact that , with this reduction in environmental pollution , we would also be fulfilling the commitments made at the Kyoto Conference on Climate Change .
Clearly , the decision also depends to a very great extent on the objective that a particular measure sets out to achieve .
Let us use the influence and power we have .
The point is , how many of the present Member States would agree to have a train <unk> along through their own country , coming from another country that does not belong to the European Union and whose passengers could not be checked ?
It is , however , precisely because of this <unk> past that our <unk> for our European <unk> in the East , might induce in us some unease at seeing them , having just emerged from the bureaucratic totalitarianism of the Soviet Empire , fall into the <unk> of another form of totalitarianism , just as bureaucratic , that of the free trade empire of <unk> <unk> .
In all honesty , that was not exactly a point of order , Mrs Breyer !
We discussed in Thessaloniki whether this draft is a draft for starting negotiations at the Intergovernmental Conference and whether it is a good basis for discussion .
Mr President , Mr Aznar gave us a rather <unk> picture of the Barcelona Summit .
We hope that the mid-term review of Agenda 2000 to be undertaken now will lead to the necessary reform measures being taken , and that it will also result in Parliament being given a greater role in formulating agricultural policy .
The vote will take place on 30 January in Brussels .
It has actually been a total failure .
Point 4 c of the Amsterdam resolution was passed relatively quickly .
It is useful because of the advances which it makes : Article 7 , the reform of the <unk> system , which certainly needed reforming , more flexible reinforced cooperation , which we certainly need and the legal basis which you wanted for a clear and transparent statute for the political parties .
More than 60 civilians died .
very explicit wording intended for consumers so that they can buy chocolate in full knowledge of the facts ; There is no parliamentary scrutiny over Europol , nor are the administrative authorities accountable to the courts .
The first problem stems from the fact that our judicial systems are too different from one another .
It is an excellent idea to create a legal basis for this , Mr Howitt .
.
This extension was proposed because of the special nature of certain varieties of tobacco cultivated in Greece and abolishing it will hit tobacco production in Greece extremely hard .
Rule two , to fit in with your European ideology : establish the principle of free choice of the least taxed geographical route .
Almost two years have passed since the European Council in Lisbon set the goal of making the Union the world &apos; s most dynamic and competitive knowledge-based economic area by the end of this decade , an area which would also enjoy full employment and increased economic and social cohesion .
In fact , since the tabling of this proposal , appropriate wording regarding <unk> criteria has been agreed and included in Community legislation , namely the directive on nutritional substances that may be used in the manufacture of foods for particular nutritional uses .
How kind !
The adoption of this common position underlines the commitment of the European Union to achieving a lasting peace in the Middle East .
I would also be very grateful if some corrections could be made , because some of the translations of Mrs Wemheuer &apos;s resolution into various languages are incorrect .
That is the point Mrs <unk> made so well .
It is true that this does not fulfil all the ambitions that we might have , which are legitimate , noble , and justified and which I share , but the time also comes when realism must be applied , in one way or another .
What is at issue here is not military technology but politics and the defence of the law .
For that reason , the Commission has already made a statement on organising the work of the wine management committee in such a way that all <unk> items are <unk> together in order to permit Member States to send the real experts to the meeting .
If your safeguard clause reflects this right , it will go <unk> with <unk> , and would be a welcome extension of the <unk> but arms &apos; initiative .
Since he came to power , <unk> , fear and terror have <unk> in Serbia .
However , it also <unk> me to say that there have been many times when I have listened to the debate on this issue both in the committee and here in the Chamber and it seems that we are totally <unk> with the reality of what is happening outside these walls .
Let me just briefly mention a few points .
I support this report which aims to update existing EU rules on cross border shipments of waste and bring them into line with international agreements .
Another point , which I mentioned earlier in response to a question , relates to the policy of mainstreaming , which consists in integrating women &apos;s policy into all our policies , and not making of it a policy on its own .
The <unk> of the <unk> report is more and still more money for the EU &apos;s policies .
In this respect , we as presidency have precisely opted for an approach which steers clear of being proven right or wrong about the 1 % , and which moves into the direction of the discussion as to where our priorities and , I should like to add , our <unk> are .
Noise dumping of this kind is obviously very harmful to citizens living close to these airports .
Surely , in 2002 , it must be possible to stabilise these regions at last and give the people there a future and the chance to live their lives in peace and with some measure of lasting prosperity in their home territories .
Well , Mr President , I am most concerned about them because I also <unk> from a small village where <unk> the last corner shop has disappeared .
Indeed , it was the most serious act of violence in Central Asia since Uzbekistan became independent .
I completely share the view of Mrs Prets , the rapporteur , that cultural services and products , and certainly the diversity of opinions , are not consumer goods capable of simply being handed over to the market .
We now have a number of programmes in operation : <unk> for judicial cooperation , <unk> to combat sexual exploitation of children and trafficking in women , <unk> to fight violence against women and children , <unk> on forged documents and <unk> on police and customs cooperation .
Special thanks go to Mr <unk> and Mrs Thors for their comprehensive and detailed reports now before you .
That is the responsibility for the governments and for the political parties in Northern Ireland .
Before it can do that , though , we may need a parliamentary inquiry .
Certainly , this is extremely <unk> , but we wonder how it relates to the demands we are already making .
Our analysis of the situation is well-known , and has been supported by you all .
So , in brief , I would like to know , firstly , whether the Council shares the philosophy of the letter and , secondly , what would the Council consider a reasonable period of time to <unk> before some other measures are taken .
On the contrary , within its reforms of the &quot; large-scale farming &apos; COM , the Commission proposes a 0 % compulsory rate of <unk> land , along with an alignment of the aid to <unk> crops with that of aid to <unk> cereal crops , on the pretext of both the Blair House agreements limiting huge amounts of <unk> land and a future possible gain in profitability in oil production using , of course , genetically modified seed .
If we are to move towards a more transparent and logical system , we have two radically different options available .
The introduction of the ‘ from farm to table ’ principle , <unk> by businesses with the use of the <unk> <unk> and <unk> Control <unk> ( <unk> ) principle and of <unk> , and the greater attention paid to scientific findings are the essence of the new approach .
But our concern here must be to act within the context of a European transport policy and that means having a taxation mechanism for ecologically sensitive regions .
It is not just necessary to reflect , therefore , but also to make a great commitment : sustainable growth and employment are the main concerns of the Europeans .
However , the number of relative votes is completely irrelevant .
The Commission intends to make the most of the results and to disseminate them within the Member States .
A European Association Agreement would be a realistic way of lending a hand to Ukraine .
I would like to ask , without making any bones about it , who the administration is there for ?
That is because political <unk> , the Member States &apos; interest in <unk> their influence and international customer relations were more important .
This political dialogue , I believe , is of outstanding importance , as agreement can be reached , in the final analysis , only through discussions with each other .
In it there is a <unk> gap between the evidence collected and the opinions formulated by the committee .
For us , the European Parliament , it seems to us more necessary than ever that the European Commission , within the framework of its Euratom competences , not only <unk> its assistance to Japan in the current circumstances , but also asks the Euratom services to carry out a complete analysis of the official safety regulations for our power stations , and around our power stations , in Europe .
The question of how much Community funding we can channel into this programme was discussed in preparing the draft action plan which was presented to the Council and Parliament two weeks ago .
I agree with Mr Crowley on the issue of risk <unk> in the private sector , to avoid <unk> of the purely profitable .
Lastly , migration cannot be regarded as a police or border problem ; it is an overall cultural and economic problem , which calls for an EU policy of development in the migrants &apos; countries of origin .
Mr President , I should like to congratulate the Commission .
The global navigation satellite system , <unk> , enables us to meet the increasingly high demands for up-to-date information on locations and times in our daily work and leisure .
There is no longer any reason to sustain that division , for that division is <unk> .
We do not want a common legal affairs policy and a federal police force .
The single market is one of the European Union &apos;s most important achievements , but without this fresh impetus , we can only expect its benefits to be diluted by enlargement .
Once again , the governments of the Member States have not been equal to the circumstances .
That is what we need .
In my country , it is often the case that wells or springs , or the storage facility in the <unk> , have to be closed down .
That might be the most appropriate approach to ensuring tight coordination and continuity within the Council .
To this extent , and taking account of the position of my party , <unk> ( the Coalition of the Left and Progress ) , in favour of Greece &apos; s accession to Economic and Monetary Union , I have voted in favour .
Mr Oswaldo Payá , allow me to express the emotion with which we welcome you today to award you the Sakharov Prize for freedom of thought .
In fact , the Commission proposal for a Council resolution on the conclusion of an agreement between the EU and Croatia deals simply with a matter of routine , the object of which is to make the present system of ecopoints applicable to transit traffic through the Republic of Austria binding upon Croatia .
What can be the cause of their complaints ?
This morning in this House we were witness to one of its most <unk> forms , when the age-old assertion that the Jews themselves are responsible for <unk> was repeated .
There is one more thing that I feel is important .
We call for a referendum to be held in all the countries of the European Union so that the people can have their say , because the peoples of Europe are against Turkey ’ s accession .
When we have European laws in force <unk> beginning with the Constitution <unk> which make it obligatory for these political parties to exist , with specific roles , we will have won this battle in favour of European construction .
These are practical measures that need to be implemented as soon as possible .
That was the start of their battle for peace .
The assurances given are a very positive step to remove one of the <unk> to better relations with Iran which are being pursued in the new European <unk> dialogue .
This is absolutely imperative , and I will have the opportunity to return to this subject in the coming weeks .
The current presidency has been following this practice .
If the second package is concluded before the term comes to an end , this Parliament will be able to pride itself on having moved European rail freight transport forward into the twenty-first century .
After the industry managed to overturn Europe &apos;s ban on tobacco advertising on a legal <unk> , we were more determined than ever to make sure that this latest legislation finally reached the statute book to spell out the dangers of smoking and save thousands of lives .
I am afraid that a special envoy would be <unk> down just as much as the European tigers .
Many European states do not implement the Hague Convention either in spirit or , indeed , in law .
It has given the refugees financial assistance for 25 years .
If one of Russia &apos;s neighbouring countries , including my own , had a Commissioner specially qualified to offer support when problems arise and when positive developments start to take place , the EU could be involved as a background power in talks in quite a different way than is the case now .
As an MEP , I would not like to come face to face with a citizen who <unk> from his local <unk> that <unk> &apos; does not allow him to secure environmentally responsible public contracts .
In the context of a broad security policy with crisis prevention as a priority , the European Union must be able to deploy several instruments at the same time .
In my country , for example , the Constitutional Treaty was adopted by our national Parliament unanimously , and thus our commitment to membership became a <unk> conclusion and there was a clear-cut end to our divisions .
Mr President , progress in education is one of the EU &apos;s main aims , but responsibility for school systems and educational content lies clearly at the national level , in other words , with the Member States themselves .
I should like to see articles on the difficulties of this repatriation , which is hardly surprising when you think that , in the space of 24 hours , 400 , 000 or 500 , 000 people went back - not that anyone <unk> them - and that a decision has just been taken to bring back another 500 , 000 who were in <unk> .
Moreover , we are all in agreement on the fact that radical changes will have to be made to the current decision , and in any case we are already working on that .
The survey will be launched with the title <unk> <unk> of European Citizenship &apos; and the results will be used as the basis for future information and communication measures in the field of citizenship .
We have also proposed a means of extending this to other fields .
One of the reasons why oil prices have <unk> is that the EU has failed to adopt an intelligent energy strategy .
It should be noted that the same persons were often , under different names , involved with other companies , and we have had to <unk> addresses , company names and peoples &apos; names .
I believe we must bring up our children to enjoy this medium in the right way and to get parents to encourage their children to watch suitable programmes and disregard the less suitable ones .
But this wealth is <unk> by a small number of large corporations which not only refuse to part with the slightest amount in order to help those members of the human race that are suffering , but continue to increase their wealth at its expense .
Many of us here are concerned about the future of the world and of Europe .
Other studies of a similar kind demonstrate that there is a clear <unk> link involved , and so we must make every effort , and the Commission too must send out a clear message by making pesticide reduction programmes mandatory .
Mr President , if I could only mention three , then these would be the three tasks which we will have achieved – and I say ‘ we ’ because we have achieved it amongst all of us – a team , a Commission team , and I would like once again to thank the services I have referred to , from the Director-General to all the people responsible who have acted and worked throughout this time but of course with the invaluable cooperation of this Parliament , which has given us support systematically and , of course in the end as well , the cooperation of the Council .
Amendment No 12 can be approved in principle .
The real problem is that what is legal on paper or in practice in a country like the Sudan can be very different from what we would accept as being legal here .
Accordingly , the initiative of creating the Euro-Mediterranean Development Bank seems to us to be a positive one .
But , like my fellow Liberals who have spoken previously , I cannot agree either with the tightening of liability which the rapporteur proposes and which goes too far .
Only recently it emerged that in financing such programmes Europe was showing a high profile in contrast to the United States .
That is not the case here , and what you are doing at the moment is what I would normally describe as <unk> , but it is irresponsible , and I will make it clear in public what the Christian Democrats here in this House stand for !
On Friday afternoon and Saturday morning last , I was invited to take part , and duly did so , in the Congress of the <unk> <unk> Party in Geneva .
We must continue to promote the development of a world order founded upon the rule of law , but that rule of law must not just serve the interests of the rich western countries .
This requires a targeted strategy .
Next week we will debate the proposed recommendations adopted a few days ago by the Commission in the Ecofin Council with regard to Italy ; in the coming weeks we will do so in relation to Portugal and before the end of the year we will do so with regard to other countries : some of the founding countries of the European Union and also some of the new member countries of the Union .
Mr <unk> then intervened with two questions and Mr Moscovici barely <unk> to stand up and did not bother to reply .
I also said just now that funds would be released from the ECSC reserves , especially with a view to creating a research fund for research in sectors linked to the coal and steel industry .
The debate is closed .
It should have been done in advance of enlargement , for which these 85 000 pages of text are now being translated .
Incidentally , the provision establishing Sunday as a day of rest is being abolished .
At the same time , we cannot be content with the world as it is , Mr President .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I wish to thank Mr <unk> for his fine work in preparing this text , because we have a real need in Europe to protect minorities and to generate practical initiatives against discrimination .
Some states are seeing a reverse of the negative trend .
The question is , do we play a part at all , or do we do it justice ?
I really do hope that it will be adopted tomorrow .
The latest development to come to our notice concerned Mr Lukashenko ’ s administration ’ s <unk> on the democratically elected leadership of the Union of Poles in Belarus .
The approach that the Commission is taking is correct in terms of making sure that we have all our facts <unk> , that any action we take can be legally justified and , if there is a legal case for taking action , that action will be taken .
Following the completion of the consultations on the Green Paper , you reported on the general consensus on the need for clarification and legal clarity , as Mr Langen has just said .
However , these measures are outside the Commission &apos;s mandate .
Two thirds of the vote is the majority required for our Parliament to censure the Commission .
Having said that , I do not see any <unk> <unk> in this list , and I do not believe we can get away from what seems to me a crucial challenge for the future : overcoming the possible lack of coherence between the policies run by the European Union .
I should like to make one final remark .
I am , moreover , not the only person to complain about the fact .
The EU must create a special fund to regulate the brain drain and soften its impact .
Rather , they must be made aware of the fact that they are living in an age of new monetary reform .
I am not talking about economic isolation , because in fact the US economic embargo has provided the greatest excuse for the Cuban dictatorship .
I think it is also right constantly to emphasise that enlargement and the forthcoming agricultural reform should be kept separate .
It has not been possible for the Court of Auditors to issue an auditor &apos; s statement to the effect that the arrangements covered by the accounts are lawful , and we should regard it as extremely problematic if we , as Members of this Parliament , were to vote in favour of accounts without having any guarantee of the legality of the arrangements concerned .
<unk> , the world &apos;s first <unk> of an adult animal , may be a <unk> sheep , who looks well on the front pages of newspapers .
I support the idea contained in the report of defining a legal status for these areas , considered to be of international interest and , therefore , of European interest .
We need action , not words .
<unk> Amendments Nos 22 and 33 the Commission prefers Amendment No 33 because it best reflects the opinion of the Scientific Committee on Food .
Many of the cross-border issues for which the EU could be useful are not tackled , and many of the funds disappear into <unk> spending and fraud .
Furthermore , the Commission must understand that it is <unk> for the European Parliament to have to insist on issues which , according to the Commission &apos; s own words , should already have been resolved .
<unk> who have spoken are right that the future of the UN is at stake .
I will start off with the Scandinavian countries .
There is a high recovery rate from <unk> .
The <unk> report rightly reminds them that extending the fishery zones to 200 miles , effectively bringing 95 % of fish stocks within the coastal states &apos; jurisdiction , made it inevitable for the Community to negotiate agreements with the countries concerned in order to ensure the survival of deep-sea fleets , maintain the European share of fishing in worldwide terms and , therefore , its contribution to our food security .
Of course , the story of the Erika seems <unk> .
That is known as environmental dumping .
It is preparing to support the Agreement on Trade in Services – the notorious <unk> – which is nothing more than a Bolkestein Directive on a global scale .
Lastly , we confirmed the importance of the social dimension of European economic development .
We support those proposals which favour the import of fair trade bananas which have been grown under approved ecological and social conditions .
And Mrs <unk> asked the Commission a single question : what has the Commission done since 1990 ?
But it remains desirable that the Union should not only determine its future arrangements rapidly but should also make the principles it repeatedly <unk> increasingly applicable , binding and consistent .
Mr President , thank you for these valuable contributions to this debate .
I would remind you that , under the broad economic guidelines for 2002 , adopted on 3 April , which are an important political instrument in budgetary matters , specific consideration is given to the <unk> initiative as an important stage in the process of achieving the strategic objective established by the Lisbon European Council .
Five , a roll-call vote on all other parts of the text on which there are amendments by political groups and for the final vote .
Furthermore , from 1999 to 2002 , the costs of foreign exchange transactions within the union area should be minimal .
You draw the strength of your resistance from your <unk> , from a profound respect for mankind and for life , and from your faith in the unity of the world &apos; s human community .
To address the immigration problem also means this : to dare to look at these <unk> citizens threatened with expulsion or being expelled who , having entered the <unk> Schengen area , find themselves battling against <unk> administrations .
But I regret I am not in a position to read the mind of the <unk> .
It would be very wrong if a report dealing with disabled people &apos;s rights were put back to Thursday afternoon when most of the Members are not here and most of the Members will not be here to vote .
I should like to emphasise four points which arise from her report .
We must firstly obtain agreement on the <unk> &apos; aspects of the legislative texts .
Therefore , in order to ensure that operators from outside the Union are subject to the same tax obligations as domestic operators when providing services to consumers , they must be registered for VAT purposes in a Member State of their choice , with the VAT rate of the State they choose being the one that applies to their operations .
In view of the development of criminal networks , we must rapidly adapt our weapons against these .
Work being carried out by the Council regarding the Commission proposal - a proposal fully supported by Parliament , which once again , I would thank - is now <unk> completion .
I think that the cooperation that there has been in this area is a positive thing , though I regret the fact that no interregional , cross-border cooperation in the Baltic , for example , has been written into this regulation .
After all , why are the socialists so <unk> about this business unless it is because the Renault management was brought in by a socialist government , because it is made up of socialists , and because it is undertaking - extremely <unk> , I must say - institutional responsibilities entrusted to it ?
I would also like to ask the Commissioner what he thinks about the Committee on Budgets &apos; opinion .
However , the report focuses too narrowly on the <unk> of fishing opportunities and fails to take account of some important aspects which should certainly have been addressed in an own-initiative report of this kind .
In Scotland , though , a more accurate description of the need would be to compensate for the disastrous effects of the common fisheries policy on our communities and it is a worry that the total fund <unk> is about the same for 25 as we have had for 15 Member States .
<unk> invested in clean green technology is not money wasted and if Europe can lead the world in <unk> green technologies it will create more jobs , revive manufacturing , and generate greater export potential for our products .
I am also prepared for us to also make some regional proposals in the event that existing Conventions are not ratified by a sufficient number of States that are members of the IMO .
The price is actually <unk> if it is also taken into account that at least EUR 14 million is not linked in any way to payment for fishing opportunities or the development of the fisheries sector .
I also agree with the report &apos;s call for the Convention on the future of Europe to define the binding legal status that the Charter of Fundamental Rights should be given .
I can only recommend the rejection of these amendments , which are in breach of existing Community law and which , I am sorry to say , were adopted by a majority in the Committee on Transport and Tourism .
This is particularly essential since , all too often unfortunately , air traffic controllers have to manage extreme and dangerous situations such as the <unk> of an aircraft or an air crisis .
We wish you every success , and not only in the areas I have just mentioned .
At the moment we have an absurd budget of <unk> <unk> per EU citizen – that is the total we spend each year on health in this European Union – and yet we have so many health threats , health challenges and health opportunities .
The euro must win our trust - and this trust has already been damaged by the dispute over who is to head the European Central Bank .
You replied in answer to my previous question that Spain was to blame and that you would do what you had to do , but here it is you who are to blame .
It would be rather difficult to provide you with information we do not have .
I know she has done a very serious job and looked at this in depth .
The report is thus <unk> with all sorts of examples that are also impossible from a legal point of view .
However , this argument is based on EU exports from 1981 to 1991 .
I commend him for having treated the steel issue with the sensitivity of someone who comes from one of the many areas stricken by unemployment , and for having put forward practical proposals that avoid the <unk> of <unk> liberalism and <unk> economic intervention .
The use of the funds is truly a very important issue for the freedom of movement , but the new Members will be ‘ <unk> white ’ by giving away their best people to old Members that are far richer .
We long for a Europe in which richer countries will help poorer countries .
If such an eventuality were to be negotiated , it would not adversely affect the <unk> of the Turkish people ; through the establishment of <unk> stability , it would bring peace and prosperity to the whole of Turkey .
We are no further forward on this .
Again , there are no scientific reasons for imposing those limits and , once again , some Member States allow preparations which do not meet these criteria .
However , there are solutions .
I had therefore been hoping for a common sense reply , Commissioner , not a technical one .
My colleague <unk> Banotti - but not only her - is doing great work in this area .
Who knows how many oil tanker <unk> , how many deaths , how much serious pollution we would have avoided in our continent if proper inspections had been carried out ?
In this sense , the report on the Agency for Reconstruction should make a contribution to sustainable crisis management .
I would like to welcome the dialogue that has existed between the Council , the Commission and the European Parliament , which has been very helpful .
<unk> is the main issue .
Yet human rights have no borders , so we must be frank and begin by putting our own house in order .
We must be determined to provide constructive support for Romania &apos;s development , and this involves more than just money .
I am in favour of the precautionary principle , but I would like to mention one area of concern .
I hope therefore that whatever other action is taken or proves to be necessary in the course of future months , no one , least of all the honourable Member , will try to give a totally distorted and exaggerated view of what the European Commission can do in the event of any extremely unfortunate , highly regrettable and totally counterproductive action that might be <unk> in some quarters at the time of the World Cup in France .
We also welcome the recognition of the need for evaluation and the dissemination of best practice for the tightening up of the transnational level .
How will parity between the <unk> <unk> and the euro be handled ?
I want to be sure of that .
A good budget is a budget that has been thoroughly discussed .
Mr President , evaluation in general and evaluation in school education in particular are not a mere <unk> .
And that is leading aside the <unk> involved with Alzheimer &apos;s disease .
Before the vote : The essential feature of this type of fraud is that one or more links in the chain do not pay <unk> VAT to the tax authority , while other parties in the chain receive VAT refunds based on these very <unk> .
We should try to bring back our American friends into the family of men through some practical means , maybe inviting millions of European tourists to visit only those few States without the death penalty : the <unk> of <unk> instead of the rolling <unk> of <unk> , the <unk> of New England instead of the <unk> trees of <unk> .
The logic behind this , which is still the same , is a direct result of the process of liberalising telecommunications , transport , energy and postal services .
Despite all our agreements , despite the fact that we all recognise that training and lifelong learning must be linked to the world of work if they are to yield any returns , we have a problem and there is a vacuum .
I agree with Mr Spencer : the next hurricane should be named after an oil company .
On the contrary , I emphasised very clearly in my speech that one condition for discussing these things at all was compliance with environmental legislation .
I hope they are forthcoming and that the government of the Russian Federation will not conclude that the only answer to terrorism is to increase the power of the <unk> .
Let us not be <unk> by the calm in Europe .
Everyone knows that it is quite simply about money .
The EU ’ s new , broader European policy also offers opportunities for the development of cross-border cooperation where the EU shares a border with Russia .
An example of one such issue is the granting of exemptions for harmless types of machinery such as <unk> .
How can we understand that when it comes to Vietnam , for example , European cooperation is linked to the respect of human rights and yet the same requisite is ignored when we deal with the bigger ASEAN countries ?
But the proper procedure would have to be gone through and I could not begin to anticipate what the outcome would be .
We will try our utmost , because it is politically important for the House and for us all to know whether any European money has been given to <unk> <unk> .
To those people who seem to say that we are slaves of the United States , I say please read the information and understand the crucial role that we are playing in pushing forward this agenda .
( Parliament adopted the resolution ) - Report : Fraga <unk> ( <unk> / 99 ) : Proposal for a Council Decision amending Council Decision 93 / <unk> / EEC of 14 June 1993 on reference laboratories for the monitoring of marine <unk> ( <unk> of legal basis ) ( <unk> / 96 - <unk> / <unk> / <unk> ( CNS ) ) Committee on Fisheries In our view , it is sufficient to state that services of general interest fall under the competence of the Member States , who choose their missions , their organisation and their limits .
Mrs Pack rightly asked why nothing was done earlier .
I look forward to working together with you to get the Member States to implement and enforce this legislation .
So we are not talking here about <unk> delivery drivers , but about light commercial vehicles , which , at present , are allowed to do anything they like , including travelling at extremely high speeds , seven days a week , <unk> hours a day , with no ban on driving on <unk> or at night , and without being checked up on – the consequence of which is an increasing number of accidents .
The very presence of this autonomy could make the dialogue so interesting .
So it is a pity that a number of things prevented that potential from being fully realised .
Now you have such a decision : Bulgaria and Romania may join in January 2007 on condition that they show the necessary resolve , mentality and results in tackling the outstanding shortcomings .
It has not acted forcefully towards those engaged in violence or it has only done so unilaterally .
If the Berlusconi Government manages , even for a short time , to block the decision on the European arrest warrant , can you imagine what will happen when the Union of the 15 becomes a Union of 30 if we continue to insist on an intergovernmental rather than a Community method for taking decisions ?
Agreement on the <unk> achievements of the Common Foreign Security Policy for 1995 , disagreement on the necessary steps to correct current practice - this is the dual judgement by the Europe of Nations Group on the <unk> report .
We cannot confuse the different types of funds .
I too believe that this is an important decision .
We do indeed also need to enter into dialogue with Iran regarding its attitude and its support for terrorist activities , and also regarding its attitude towards a peaceful resolution to the problem in the Middle East , and we are doing so .
This extension will also maintain the fishing opportunities for the European fleet and will enable the <unk> Government to guarantee best fishing practice for the EU on the basis of the sustainability of the resources concerned .
In a <unk> desert or in the centre of Brussels , if the factory blows up , <unk> of workers will lose their lives .
On 17 May 2006 , a representative of the Austrian Government , <unk> <unk> , answered a number of questions from MEPs on corporate taxation in different EU countries .
I do not , therefore , think that we have merely been talking .
However , what is at issue here - and the honourable Member has <unk> as much in her question - is whether a particular Member State is correctly applying the relevant provisions of Community law .
I contribute to this debate as someone who was partly responsible , as Parliament ’ s representative on the Council of Ministers ’ <unk> Commission on Racism and Xenophobia from 1994 to 1999 , for the establishment of the European Monitoring Centre on Racism and Xenophobia .
I believe that , in view of the imminent enlargement to the East , we cannot definitely say – and , above all , the Council cannot say – that this is a major agreement .
Not all of the amendments have received an equal amount of attention in the negotiations with the Council .
What we are seeing , in other words , is the most blatant exploitation and the destruction of public services , which are being taken over by private capital , leading in turn to poverty and social injustice .
All these aspirations are contained in our amendments , which we will put to the vote on Thursday , and which we hope will receive majority support .
He now needs a specific response from the European Union that shows solidarity on the three fronts that he has opened up : the process of negotiation of the armed conflict , combating drugs , which we should approach from a point of view of shared responsibility , and strengthening institutions , with a particular appeal for the defence of human rights .
That is why the instrument of individual producer responsibility , financial responsibility , is so crucial .
We consider that the time is ripe for such an evaluation and that the European Parliament ought to have written this into its resolution and in that way shown its desire to provide the principle of subsidiarity with more explicit content for citizens in the EU &apos; s Member States .
<unk> with Minsk should therefore now be stepped up , Mrs De Palacio , not <unk> down .
Before anything else , I must remind you that the Committee on Citizens Freedoms and Rights is once again proposing that Parliament reject the wording of the initiative .
I have every confidence that this interinstitutional agreement will soon have a happy ending .
Member States must adopt the Year enthusiastically and devote adequate resources to it .
I therefore support the rapporteur &apos;s move to incorporate the <unk> principle &apos; into the Commission proposal for a Council Regulation .
The Security Council must , in any case , be enlarged , and we then need to consider new permanent members , without the right of veto .
It would like , by means of its opinion , to help to make the work of the Customs Union Joint Committee as correct and as transparent as possible , and at the same time to give the European Parliament a comprehensive update on the technical aspects .
Clearly , this sets a number of challenges for the institutions – the European Parliament , OLAF and the other EU institutions .
I think it would be a nice idea if you could discuss opening this <unk> from time to time with the <unk> .
Mr President , I have a short question for the Commissioner .
I believe that this is one of the most difficult debates I have taken part in and we must approach it with our customary responsibility and political sense .
This is the case for the Caribbean and the Indian <unk> .
Most worrying is the <unk> possibility under Article 52 of the suspension of fundamental rights when the interests of the European Union are at stake .
I hope the vote in this House will <unk> the unanimity shown in the Committee on Industry .
You may think that this was written by a twenty-first century environmental activist , but it was published in <unk> by Martin <unk> , <unk> of the Thomas Church in Strasbourg .
I hear people from time to time calling for a freeze on Community budgets below the level of the 2006 budget .
At the same time , all victims must be granted the right to health care , all potential victims must be granted the right to <unk> , and all the regions concerned must be granted the right to <unk> and rehabilitation .
Finally , on the crucial issue of the status of Cyprus , after 27 years of political deadlock , the moment of truth extends from now until autumn 2002 .
Against the background of the need for an active European policy mix , I am <unk> by the Commission &apos;s proposal for general economic policy guidelines .
As a parliamentary committee , we have a particular interest in <unk> management and , fundamentally , in combating fraud .
Nor should they be exposed to these sales messages which they cannot properly interpret because of their lack of experience .
We are aware of allegations that the present arrangements for the sugar sector have distorted the market , leading to high prices for the consumer and a negative impact on the world market , particularly for developing countries .
The European institutions and European <unk> have been given the power by the Member States to make that law .
People speak of industrial policy , but that has not been functioning properly since the time of the Maastricht Treaty .
I think , in particular , that the proposal to give immigrants the right to vote in local elections is premature , even for those with legal status or who have lived in a Member State for more than five years .
<unk> is doing fine and Europe has nothing to worry about .
The obligation on Member States to take account of the policy objectives of the whole framework in their systems for frequency pricing is likewise welcomed .
Only if this is done will such certificates be comprehensible to an employer in another country , and only in this way can comparisons be made in individual cases .
The social partners may well have a very useful role in some countries and in some cases but , given that the majority of employment growth is coming from SMEs whose employees are <unk> neither to big business nor to big unions , it is hard to see how such a move would be positive for job creation .
Indeed , look at the 2005 draft budget and you will see what budget restrictions are .
Reducing environmental destruction is one of the priorities of the British Presidency and so it is timely that we are discussing this report now .
I have nevertheless concluded that the report should be supported , in spite of its shortcomings .
According to Article 119 of the Treaty , European law promises women equal rights , and they need to see these put into effect .
At the time , this was a good law ; now it needs <unk> , like any old building , because nothing is as inventive as the criminal mind .
We are all agreed that a certain level of protection of private life and of personal data is one of the foundations of a functioning democracy .
Or , how strong must Europe become in order to cope with enlargement ?
So these are relative problems which need to be taken into account .
This means integrating the broad economic policy guidelines into the debate on national budgets .
China still has a long way to go in introducing democracy and respect for human rights and convincing us that it wishes to be a <unk> partner in the international community .
I believe the confusion stems from an error in translation .
In the European Parliament Resolution of June 1998 on this type of fishing , which was based on a report drawn up by Mr <unk> , it was highlighted that 60 % of Community <unk> in the North Sea , <unk> and <unk> are intended for this type of industrial use .
Amendment 35 might prevent possible problems on the internal market .
The threat that foot-and-mouth represents to the Community as a whole is a matter that cannot be left to the control measures in individual Member States .
The President-in-Office , Mr <unk> , has rightly said that today with the leaders we will again have to think up measures .
We are therefore faced with a legal system which forces Member States either to stop implementing the measures that they consider essential for protecting their nation &apos; s public health , or to buy the right to do this .
Management of the funds must of course remain under the control of the Commission itself .
If this is to happen , the Integrated Product Policy must , however , be based upon a long-term vision of how we are to change our industrial production model .
We are in no way opposed to the market , and we believe in free enterprise , in initiative and in individual responsibility , but we also believe that the State should play its role as regulator and <unk> , both to protect its citizens and in the interests of its poorest international partners , as in the absence of this the market is nothing but a jungle .
We even need to reinvigorate the Barcelona Process with the aim of making the Mediterranean a real <unk> <unk> for all of the countries on its shores .
The call for an independent inquiry circles around the fact that there is considerable belief that an inquiry by the <unk> into the death of Mrs Nelson will not be as rigorous as it should be because of the evidence that suggested that she feared very much for her life and for quite a long time believed that her life was in serious danger .
There may well be other more effective taxes , and indeed experience has taught us that this is the case .
You all know how important it is to complete the ratification process in order to be able to implement the agreement fully , including its financial component .
The free trade area on one side and political union on the other .
So , what do we do ?
This facility is intended to increase the volume of loans available to small or recently formed companies , on the basis of shared risk with existing guarantee systems .
It may lead to the <unk> of society on the continent for many years to come , and even , in certain circumstances , to tragedy .
The Vienna European Council will consider important foreign and security policy issues , such as the situation in Russia , the peace process in the Middle East and developments in the western Balkans .
This concerns Amendments Nos 1 , 13 , 14 , 38 and 51 .
We are therefore prepared to approve the Rothley report as the basis for an interinstitutional agreement .
This is an amendment in relation to 1990 , as at the time this measure was considered to be exceptional .
It is also the first European space project and , if it can be successfully installed and commissioned , apart from helping to improve navigation , it will give a tremendous boost to space science and technology .
We are sensitive to this commitment for the definition of a common foreign policy and we give all our support to initiatives to end the Algerian <unk> which tragically continues to strike tens of thousands of innocent victims .
If all existing patents had to be <unk> , then all software development would be restricted , limited and increasingly <unk> , since all small and medium-sized enterprises and <unk> would be forced to buy rights or licences and virtually pushed out of the market .
.
In order to combat them , practical responses are required : one of which is to genuinely strengthen European works councils .
I disagree to an extent with Mr Giansily .
We no longer want to find ourselves wasting taxpayers ’ money and MEPs ’ and employees ’ time .
I thank you all once again for the expressions of support and encouragement you have given to the Commission in matters of competition : you know how important it is for the Commission and for me personally to have the support of Parliament in our everyday work , and how seriously we take your critical comments , which we value highly .
I request that you note that in the Minutes , because I consider it an honour to be designated as mad by a <unk> .
What has happened in the world since 11 September ?
At the moment , therefore , I am unable to accept the report &apos;s amendment .
The litmus test for the genetic engineering industry is not authorisation but sales .
Firstly , it is naturally critical who can be called to account .
If competitors were <unk> according to age , in the same way that <unk> are <unk> according to weight , we could organise sporting events for people over 30 , 40 , 50 or 60 years of age .
Neither the <unk> considerations on the status of Members nor the proposal concerning the seats of Parliament have any place in it .
There were three MEPs who worked very hard at the time to bring it about : Klaus Hänsch , who is still a Member here ; <unk> von Habsburg and <unk> <unk> <unk> , who used to sit as an MEP for Italy .
Finally , I think it is extremely important that the fight against acidification does not stop at the current boundaries of the European Union .
Not taking the measures recommended by the international advisers is a waste of fisheries resources .
It could be a win-win situation .
And the foundations for a solution to the conflict were repeated in Barcelona : the resolutions of the Security Council , essentially <unk> Nos <unk> , <unk> and <unk> ; the principles of the Madrid Conference , and in particular the principle of land for peace ; the principles of the Oslo Agreements and all subsequent agreements , which would allow the two States , Israel and Palestine , to live in peace and security .
I therefore attach special importance to this opportunity to address you as a Parliament .
As I have previously stated , the final outcome of the December summit , although it fell short of what was required and of what I had been seeking , is broadly positive and favourable to European and Portuguese interests .
The problems observed when it was being discussed should now be taken into careful consideration as we debate this proposal for a directive which would create a legal framework for the establishment of an infrastructure for spatial information in Europe .
The Commission is forever <unk> <unk> about a Europe of the citizens and a Europe of results down people ’ s throats .
On 28 April , during the EU Conference of Interior Ministers , Commissioner Frattini was quite right to stress that Germany is prepared to combat this forced prostitution .
The third question , and I am <unk> up here on a number of the comments made , is whether the European Union ought not to have acted more forcefully .
If there have been problems , these have not been due to the lack of standards , but to the lack of compliance with these standards .
The main reason for this is that the Union has been incapable of showing any united front in its dealings with Russia , but instead some Member States , the bigger ones in particular , have been inclined to go their own way .
Approval of the Minutes Turning to paragraph 19 , the suggestion seems to be that we could have resolved the Kosovo crisis if we had better institutional arrangements .
Within the framework of Euro-Mediterranean cooperation , we must reinforce political dialogue with a sense of security and create an area of peace and stability .
It is with common basic conditions for companies under construction that we can create new prosperity and new jobs .
The first GSP regulation of the 21st Century must <unk> the European Union ’ s leading role in promoting sustainable development and trade in the world .
<unk> , a great deal is possible .
We can debate as much as we like , but no kind of concrete and final decision is possible .
Mr President , yesterday , our group held an extensive debate on the situation in Iraq in the presence of the Spanish Minister for Foreign Affairs , Mrs <unk> De Palacio .
In fact , economic development and convergence policies started in Greece at the beginning of the 1990s , as both the Commissioner and the representative of the European Central Bank stressed during the meeting of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs , and they concern various governments and various political powers .
Last week , Israel <unk> off diplomatic contacts with the Palestinian Authority after three young <unk> were killed near <unk> .
I am delighted to be able to report that the Commission accepts the introduction of parameters for radioactivity in Annex 1 part C of the directive , dealing with indicator parameters .
Mr President , on 17 February , the European Council declared that the United Nations must remain at the centre of the international order and that it wished to attain the objective of disarming Saddam Hussein peacefully , saying that this is what the European people want ; it declared that its support for the United Nations inspectors although saying that it did not want the inspections to continue indefinitely , and , in fact , the inspectors had put forward a plan for disarmament which also had a time limit .
It is also important that we look beyond <unk> to advance the political process and to take advantage of the opportunity it represents .
To be meaningful the precautionary principle should be invoked only when there is a clear and <unk> risk .
We know that the Western European Nuclear <unk> Association is seeking harmonisation .
In conclusion I am <unk> that our text on the need throughout the whole region for education geared to tolerance and mutual respect , has found support in other groups .
It also calls for effective regulation of the movement of capital , with proper taxation in a context of appropriate international cooperation .
However - and this is important - it does not simply dismiss these costs , but takes on board the concerns that a large part of public opinion and the industrial sector are expressing about relocation .
( <unk> applause ) As you will no doubt recall , the death of Miguel Angel Blanco sent enormous shock waves not only through Spain but through the rest of the European Union .
I am thinking in this case of the absence of a law abolishing the death penalty , the Cyprus question and the occupation by the Turkish army of one third of the island of Cyprus , and the problem of the rights of minorities , such as the Kurdish and Armenian minorities .
Although the Commission has attempted to find a remedy , the problem has so far not been solved at all .
the report by the European Council and the statement by the Commission on the European Council Meeting of 7 to 10 December 2000 in Nice ; That is what I would like to know .
NATO is not bombing Milosevic &apos;s regime , but the entire land , all the people , the entire future of an ancient European and Christian nation .
As laid out in an interesting study by the <unk> <unk> , the bulk of the benefits of agricultural liberalisation are limited to developed countries and a core group of highly competitive farm <unk> , especially Brazil , Argentina and South Africa .
If , as I think , these are the key goals for the <unk> Conference , it is essential that the conference takes place without delay , before the month is out if possible , for that will allow the European Union to launch aid programmes .
In February Mr Hans von <unk> , the United Nations humanitarian coordinator in Iraq , followed in the steps of Mr <unk> when he also resigned in protest at the on-going sanctions and the bombing of the Iraqi people .
This also results in an authoritarian approach in which decisions are governed by economic interests instead of being taken by everyone collectively .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , we discussed the question of beef labelling here in plenary as early as February 1997 .
However , I wonder whether it would not have been possible to be harder and <unk> in our criticism and even threaten to impose sanctions on the country which gives the regime the greatest support , support without which the Taliban regime would <unk> , namely Pakistan .
Cohesion is more important than efficiency if we are in fact to have a European Union with as cohesive and generous an enterprise as the one that we have seen and in which we have participated .
After the War , the freedom of the West was guaranteed by the continuing engagement of US forces , through NATO , in the security of Europe .
This is not a call to your sensitivity , but to your responsibility , in the face of those laws which make illegal citizens .
We know that the effectiveness and level of these plans vary .
By contrast , the Commission should urgently prepare a directive recognizing their specific social value , their personal social structure , and the <unk> of risk , establishing pilot social work services designed to hold down costs and improve information and prevention .
I should like to take this opportunity to underline the fact that the Morillon report notes that action by the two organisations and their members must be directed and governed by the principles of the United Nations Charter .
But this is a historic occasion for Northern Ireland .
Mr President , the biggest environmental problem in my own country is the acidification of land , forests , <unk> and <unk> .
During the first phase , we will need a constitutional treaty that will <unk> the existing foundations of the Treaties of the European Union currently in force , in a clear and comprehensible manner .
We therefore feel that the solution adopted is appropriate and consequently the enormous majority of our Group - which is not <unk> but rather is in favour of a social market economy - is going to support it .
The presidency hopes this investigation will be thorough and credible .
The <unk> location facility should be regulated where consumers so desire , but in a clear and transparent manner .
Training cannot replace a poor education and there is considerable risk that those with a strong education base will benefit further from lifelong learning and those without it will become even further marginalised .
Mr President , I find this debate very depressing because we seem to be covering the same old ground , discussing an issue we have dealt with many times before in this Parliament .
<unk> Europol and the national members of Eurojust the opportunity to access certain data in the SIS is one of the most important practical proposals of this initiative .
recommendation for second reading ( <unk> / 2003 ) , on behalf of the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Policy , on the Council common position for adopting a European Parliament and Council regulation on genetically modified food and feed &#91; <unk> / 3 / 2003 - <unk> / 2003 - 2001 / <unk> ( COD ) &#93; ( rapporteur : Mrs Scheele ) , and You say that we should continue <unk> mining in Europe because there is a supply problem .
The one fundamental requirement at that time was not to undermine conditions for the exchange of goods between the candidate countries and the EU .
Tibet has been brutally occupied by China since <unk> .
There is a potential clash of legal opinion in this regard .
To put it <unk> , I should like to say to the House that the timetable for the preparation of <unk> has so far been met and that the feasibility study is due to be concluded in March 2003 .
This of course is partly due to a number of demands which have a very specific national character and which do not really belong in the European debate at all .
Therefore equal opportunities are not an obstacle to the increase of economic competitiveness , but act as a strengthening factor .
The EU needs a constitution which , in a simple and understandable way , makes it clear what the EU is about and where responsibility lies .
The people of Scotland will pass a judgement about that on 1 May in the Scottish Parliamentary election .
Mr Oostlander mentioned the question of Algeria and potentially of course there could be a similar problem emanating from the <unk> and the difficulties there .
It is also inappropriate that some of the text of the report has been used in National political debate in Britain .
Transport policy is essential , both for economic development and for the preservation of the environment and of our living conditions , and this means that we have to take the long-term view .
This Wednesday , 18 January 2006 , the Front National ’ s MEPs have secured a parliamentary majority for refusing , for the second time , to allow European <unk> , port pilots or any of our personnel responsible for <unk> and other dock work to be sacrificed in Europe for the sole benefit of the multinationals that hold <unk> over maritime freight .
The message from Sweden instead appears to have led some Member States to a renewed determination that voters should not be allowed the chance to express their views on the great European issues .
The first point is agreements reached at WTO level and the second one could be the budget .
Mr President , I just wanted to protest at Commissioner Rehn ’ s absence from this important debate .
The fierce reactions and <unk> in the wake of the killing of Mr Van <unk> once again demonstrated that there is tension in the make-up of our society .
The patient who wants to use this opportunity needs to know whether his condition <unk> ; he needs to know what forms to fill in ; he needs to know where he can go ; to which doctors and how he can check up on those doctors ; if they are <unk> ; can I get help with travel ; can my family come and support me , particularly if there is a child involved ; and what happens if something goes wrong .
We are right in insisting that the Commission base its budget on accurate estimates , but how accurate are the estimates for our own budget ?
Mr <unk> , I must ask you to take that up in writing with the Bureau , because it has nothing to do with the Rules of Procedure .
In order for this growth to develop , we will clearly have to implement a new fiscal policy and Mr Fourçans &apos; report quite rightly included some of our amendments on reduced VAT rates .
Generally speaking , there are two kinds of provisions : those that create an obligation to render assistance , such as the provisions on telephone and video conferences , controlled <unk> and on the interception of telecommunications ; and those where no such obligation is created and only a legal framework is provided for Member States that wish to cooperate in the manner prescribed , for example , the provisions on joint investigation teams , covert investigations and the sending and service of procedural documents .
I apologise to Ms Schreyer and Mr Fischler but it is impossible for them to answer the questions .
However , what is at issue is the fact that Mr Imbeni will be making a statement on behalf of the European Parliament in compliance with the resolutions which the European Parliament has always adopted on Cuba .
I do not think that it makes much sense at the moment to talk about <unk> up pre-accession aid .
There has been one concrete proposal to this effect , i. e. automatic <unk> location for purposes other than emergency calls , for commercial applications that is .
The French and Dutch nations have rendered that <unk> and <unk> project <unk> , and now we only need to switch off the <unk> machine .
Let me remind you that , in paragraph 3 , we explicitly speak of EU membership as a long-term objective , as the ‘ ultimate goal in conformity with the Thessaloniki Declaration ’ , and so what matters , and was our concern in our discussions , is that the prospect of accession be made more credible and tangible , not least for the people of the Western Balkans .
We want to see the return of refugees and we want to see free and fair elections .
We will continue to put the maximum pressure on both parties , are willing to take any action needed to help find a solution and are currently examining what could be done .
They felt others were infringing jointly agreed rules in order to promote their own interests .
Meanwhile , the Irish people are going to the polling stations once again .
Secondly we must be credible in the eyes of our transatlantic partners and NATO allies who are not Members of the Union .
In this respect I find the report most encouraging .
I do think , though , that the time is coming when Europe will have to answer the question of how we want , in the long term , to organise relations between the European Union and Turkey , and I would like to say that I am greatly saddened by the <unk> opinion that , where Turkey ’ s relationship with the European Union is concerned , there are only two options , one being that it becomes a Member State and the other that it does not .
I want to tell him that he is absolutely right that we must tackle these threats .
.
There are no clear guidelines on institutional mechanisms for defining a common energy policy , let alone cooperation to guarantee the supply of energy or in terms of the environmental aspects of energy policy .
It is time for Israel and Lebanon to establish channels for dialogue , and for Syria to be brought back into the equation , as they show readiness to play their part in the implementation of the relevant Security Council resolutions .
<unk> for the waiver of the parliamentary immunity of Mr <unk> Mr President , I have one final point .
For example , I am thinking of a subject which you yourself addressed , Commissioner : the recent <unk> comments made by the Hungarian Prime Minister on the <unk> Decrees , which were followed by the sharp <unk> of the Slovak Prime Minister , his Czech <unk> and the President of the Czech Parliament .
This initiative had been expected ever since 1998 when the Green Paper was published .
I therefore believe that we must initially look at the various aspects of our system with a view to reforming it and implementing the constitutional mechanism that Mr De <unk> mentioned .
To <unk> the <unk> <unk> I would say that the Committee on Fisheries agreed to all these matters and we are pleased to have that support .
It is a voluntary scheme .
It is and should remain a national concern for a long time to come .
The damaging effects of alcohol are well supported by research .
However , my <unk> with the Commission &apos;s Green Paper has given me mixed feelings .
Despite everything said by its critics , biotechnology is now a reality which we cannot avoid .
I would therefore , first of all , like to thank the European Parliament for having accepted the Commission ’ s request for urgent procedure .
The rapporteur also recognises the importance of protecting the right to free speech and , equally , the need to protect minorities and other groups .
Not only because of the document itself , but also for the preparatory work that went into it : finding a consensus , harmonising , exercising caution , and bringing all of this together in a report which , first and foremost , is complex .
The total cost loss to the UK last year was <unk> million , an increase of 55 % on 1999 .
What these fishermen do not accept - and nor does a large majority of public opinion supporting them - is the injustice that has been done to them .
The Commission , the Parliament and the Council have been trying for many years to achieve joint legislation , particularly in the field of consumer protection .
Finally , with regard to the earlier answer to a question from my colleague , Mrs Kinnock , about our obligations under the Cotonou Agreement to extend market access for ACP countries in terms of the trade negotiations , does this not fly in the face of those promises and call into question our commitment to development in those countries ?
We simply wish to ensure that all of the steel products originally destined for the United States do not <unk> onto the European market , and we will ensure that our own measures enter into force at the precise moment when the American measures closing their market take effect .
On behalf of my group I also support the inclusion of these matters in the Green Paper discussions on corporate social responsibility .
<unk> , that means strengthening economic coordination from all angles , including - and I would stress this - taxation .
I believe so , but again , not at the expense of human embryos .
That is why we also need to have a balanced immigration policy .
This is one small part of that process .
<unk> , Mrs Mouskouri .
In this context the committee procedure is needed to enable us to decide on the technical implementation measures which are essential in order to realise the agreed Community policy .
If I may , I would like to make one final point regarding the continuity on which Mr <unk> spoke so eloquently .
The future face of the Union will emerge from the constant and determined work carried out .
We therefore stand by what we said in our intervention .
In fact , contact between churches and government is made via the Foreign Affairs Ministry .
Alas , there are not many occasions when people <unk> the European Union in the streets - all too few occasions in the country I know best .
The balance of trade has increased at least by 18 % .
I must say I find it a great pity to hear Mr <unk> say that the <unk> cannot have independence .
This is not only the border between Denmark and Germany , but also the border between Germany and the other countries of <unk> .
You know that there have been considerable problems with the Czech legislation , for which there is of course an official explanation .
I pay tribute to the new Commissioner , and particularly the minister , who was in charge .
Even on a subject as important and decisive as safety , it is being proposed to us that the first Article be amended to place opening up to competition on the same level as safety .
And the second is the Council &apos;s commitment , at last , to the success of the peace plan for Western Sahara , where it is now putting pressure on the Moroccan Government to accept the proposals from the United Nations until a fair and free referendum on self-determination can be organised .
Of course , <unk> partnerships can be used for funding .
Their valuable contribution to our society is hugely neglected in this report .
It allows us to see directly how much each activity costs .
The political and economic power relations in Europe and in Parliament have , of course , limited our achievements .
There is only one point on which the Florence Council has made progress , and that is the third pillar .
One of the biggest obstacles to better regulation is our calendar of meetings .
Two hundred and fifty fully recognised partnerships and 250 partnerships with a limited range of statutory benefits would , for instance , generate total annual costs of under EUR 3 million .
Although only one per cent of the total ERDF budget was available for innovative measures in the period from 1994 to 1999 , the Commission has now reduced the funding for the years 2000 to 2006 in what can reasonably be called a drastic and intolerable manner .
I would like the Commissioner to address those two issues .
Those who own the monetary assets are currently <unk> huge <unk> which are again <unk> out to be <unk> .
This is why I call upon the Commission , upon us as a Parliament and upon the Council to produce fewer <unk> and take more action .
<unk> in terms of medical expenses it costs between 200 and 600 billion euros per annum .
The European Parliament should use this debate to make a statement and to send a message to mainland China , saying where the European Union stands .
As a parliament we are duty-bound to <unk> of such activities .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 99 ) by Mr Herman , on behalf of the Committee on <unk> Affairs , on improvements in the functioning of the institutions without modification of the Treaty .
Thank you very much , Mr President , ladies and gentlemen .
As Mr Barón Crespo said just now , we want a &quot; nice treaty &quot; in Nice , which means a good treaty , not any old treaty .
That is quite a lot to take on .
The situation is under constant review , I have had a number of discussions with the Director-General of my DG , who is an expert on transport , and I am drawing on his expertise .
It is therefore up to the Member States , whose role is pivotal , to once again seize the initiative .
It is clear that there is much room for improvement , certainly at European level .
The Europe which it is possible to have is the current one and therefore let us not feel ashamed to talk of Lisbon , welfare , the labour market , energy , telecommunications , task forces , the Stability Pact or the Convention but let us move forward .
That is why I support the approach chosen by the Commission , which simply wants to create a legal instrument for other substances that can serve , if required , to regulate certain other substances across the Community , if they are classified as possibly raising health concerns by the European Food Safety Authority , and thus to guarantee a uniform level of protection for all European consumers .
Our citizens expect the European Union to take a moral and political lead , particularly in a region which is on our doorstep .
Nevertheless , the Commission has proposed an element of <unk> that will assist the second <unk> of Natura 2000 in land management or rural development regulations .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to express my serious concern regarding the first reading of this report that we are to debate today , even in spite of the remarkable work that Mr <unk> has done .
Consequently I consider it premature to effectively ban any donation which is not fully in line with the definition of <unk> , <unk> donation &apos; provided for in Amendment No 17 and to this extent I agree with Mr <unk> and with the contributions from Mrs <unk> , Mrs Müller , Mr Bowis and Mrs Doyle .
It is my duty to present amending budget No 8 .
Otherwise , they are meaningless .
An environmental tax on energy has been the subject of discussion and negotiation for more than ten years .
– Given that I shall speak about the European Fisheries Fund , I should first like to praise the Committee on Fisheries ’ work on this draft .
I also agree with Amendment Nos 2 and 4 which provide clarification regarding the action taken in response to the recommendation , in particular with regard to the timing and content of the reports by the Member States and the Commission on the implementation of the recommendation .
The seriousness , however , of the issues , as presented to us by the rapporteur in her report , and the challenge of addressing these issues , for the sake of development in the area and good <unk> relations with the European Union , warrant a special report .
We also need to take into account the contributions and interests of those allied countries which are not Members of the Union .
In this case it is quite clear that what Mr Campos is being charged with is a political matter .
The people of our countries rightly fear that the European project is being eroded by liberalisation and globalisation .
This decision also covers expert knowledge and the consultation of interested parties .
April 2003 saw the adoption , after broad consultation , of the communication entitled , which identifies measures designed to increase the average level of investment from the present rate of 1.9 % of GDP to 3 % by the year 2010 , with two thirds of all investment coming from the private sector .
This serves as the legal base for budget item <unk> ( <unk> ) – ‘ Promoting equality of men and women in the framework of development cooperation ’ .
It is not .
In conclusion , to all those who are in Iraq , to the soldiers on peace-keeping missions , to the NGOs , which with admirable perseverance have chosen to stay and carry on their work of <unk> the civilian population , to the victims ’ families and , at this moment , if I may , especially to the families of the hostages – to all of them I believe the whole Chamber here in Strasbourg should raise its voice loud and clear in solidarity and fellow feeling .
( The sitting was suspended at <unk> p. m. and resumed at 9 p. m . ) This was the biggest <unk> loss since 1995 , when the <unk> <unk> by about <unk> square miles .
This should be done bearing in mind the interests of users .
One of them rightly makes the <unk> of a Chapter 2 <unk> by a developing country to a company in another country <unk> .
These tests are now being tightened up , and of course the <unk> material must certainly be looked at closely so that it can be excluded as a risk factor .
While I strongly support China &apos;s admission to the WTO , we should give China a <unk> of its own medicine .
On the contrary , people feel threatened by what they experience as an <unk> on their own standards and values .
Indeed , to carry the <unk> further and using the English usage , if we were going to make a meal from these it would be rather long and rather <unk> .
You would do better to ask yourself some questions about the euro , as the Italian President of the Council did .
As is stated in the Council ’ s and Commission ’ s declaration about the European Community ’ s development policy , the Council takes the view that the common trade policy can lend force to the objectives of the development policy , with specific reference to the eradication of poverty and the promotion of sustainable development , of which the fight against drugs forms an integral component .
I believe it depends on you , President Santer .
If the tax measures taken lead to the flight of capital from Europe , we will be permanently weakened .
To this end , it is important that we analyse the political , geographical and economic circumstances of each crisis and each type of immigration .
For the Budgetary Control Committee , the reform of financial control is the key aspect of this proposal .
For this , we need a properly educated labour force .
Consequently , the ?
U demands that those persons , whom it considers prisoners of conscience , be released without delay and also calls for the immediate release of all political prisoners .
The effectiveness of the law , especially within the Community area , will lie in this <unk> and in its capacity to provide a realistic response to practical problems .
This is in clear violation of Article 7a of the Maastricht Treaty , which was endorsed by the Member States ; what is more , it is completely <unk> in view of the cost / benefit ratio resulting from the lack of free movement for persons .
In this framework , the rapporteur is right in pointing out the significance of good schooling for children in travelling communities .
The solemn <unk> must pave the way for binding European constitutional law .
I am not surprised that today ’ s demonstrators are in such high spirits because it seems they will achieve success .
My group would also like to emphasise one further point : the future Member States have undertaken to <unk> <unk> nuclear power stations of Soviet design .
Mr President-in-Office of the Council , Mr President of the Commission , Commissioners , ladies and gentlemen , this is the last debate on the state of the Union to be held before the end of the current parliamentary term , that is to say , before the elections due in June 1999 .
But that should only affect Russia .
Both the Commission and the Council really can help in this regard and I call on them to do so .
This debate is outdated .
A proposal has been adopted for a national development framework , which will be used as a guide for rebuilding and improving the situation in the country .
Although the current aim is just to draft the budget for 2000 , the Commission has already said in a statement published in the <unk> <unk> of the European Communities regarding next year that it intends to propose an aid programme by April 2000 for the Western Balkans for the period 2000 - 2006 in connection with a proposal for an amendment to the financial perspectives .
Yet , the way in which it is presented in the report , the right to live a normal family life , which is internationally recognised , does not take into account certain fundamental laws .
My <unk> to Mrs <unk> .
This action appears to be contrary to the Slovak constitution and would be in contradiction with the parliaments of the associate members .
And although the amounts are small , the Community can in no way remain on the <unk> of these initiatives .
The name will be changed too , unfortunately .
We take it for granted that the Turkish Government , in a case such as this , will act in an exemplary way and sort the matter out .
To conclude , I would also like to express my conviction that the emergence of renewable energy sources and the <unk> deployment of a genuine programme of stable development together constitute a source for jobs of all types and all grades .
What have the Council and the Committee on Fisheries done ?
It is clear that continued support for a closer <unk> relationship , including eventual accession , is the best way to accelerate political reform and progress in human rights .
As a consequence , UCLAF has developed into a comprehensive operational service .
The car industry states that the framework allows it to move forward more quickly , that a directive will slow down implementation .
It serves to confirm that we have to become accustomed to thinking of Europe as a common judicial area .
In the past , when you went to a <unk> , there were impressive long <unk> of books that you could take off the shelf , have <unk> and take away with you .
– Mr President , the Commissioner spoke earlier about reception centres .
Mr President , allow me to respond briefly to some of the questions raised .
In support of this report , the rapporteur presents the conclusions of a study carried out by a <unk> institute – which was never authorised by this Parliament – with findings that are anything but clear and definitive .
I should also like to raise some questions which , while they may be naive , concern what I regard as fundamental issues .
The problems connected with the use of the European <unk> pass for hunting and recreational <unk> will likewise be discussed .
Mr President , whilst we recognise the valuable aspects of the agreement as regards trade , development and cooperation between the European Community and the Republic of South Africa , it has raised some critical questions in our minds , as it has in that of Mrs Kinnock , relating to suggestions to be addressed to the Commission and the Council .
It is not merely a budgetary or fiscal transfer from one country to another .
Even more dangerous is the outbreak of violence presented as ethnic and religious in origin when it is clearly politically motivated , violence which threatens to <unk> the country permanently .
Nonetheless , while the European Parliament has shown particular sensitivity about the deaths among the <unk> , observing one minute &apos;s silence in their memory , it is indifferent to the countless victims they have caused .
We have now heard from a number of speakers that burning these fuels is the cause of the acidification of our forests and countryside .
As Ms Oddy has said , this proposal would not involve the right to work or other rights of establishment .
Such a division would change the institutional balance and require the Treaties to be revised .
Mr Barón is the exception to the rule .
This is particularly important for the new Member States , especially in view of their forthcoming integration into the Schengen area , where they will become responsible for the control of the Schengen external borders and will thus carry out checks on behalf of all Schengen states .
Thirdly , I should like to comment that , as far as the overall chapter is concerned , this is acceptable , with the <unk> that the Council does not take any decisions that might affect the fragile balance struck in category 4 without first consulting the European Parliament .
It is clear that if necessary , we must start discussing the European Union &apos;s development after 2006 today .
From a taxation point of view , air traffic is given preferential treatment compared to land-based transport .
<unk> globalization has , however , meant a change in direction .
It is striking to note in this connection that , contrary to all expectations , the advent of the euro has not improved the supply of transnational financial services , but has instead made it more expensive .
It is very important that the Commission takes this on board .
These medicinal products must have a therapeutic benefit .
It is absolutely intolerable that the budget should be drawn up in such a way that 20 % , by a ‘ gentlemen ’ s agreement ’ , should be spent every year , up to the last cent .
They are social responsibility , participation and a long-term approach .
At the same time , it noted with satisfaction the Commission &apos; s intention to set up a high level Working Group to look into the matter and report back to the Council next June on the issues involved .
Madam President , may I begin by saying how much I appreciate what you have said .
All of this is important .
But we fail to understand why he has suddenly developed such an admiration for trade preferences .
I believe , then , that this is where we have to forge a new partnership , one that promotes <unk> as an aid to language learning , as well as <unk> dialogue , above all in schools .
I do not know when you will get a reply but I will pass your remarks on to the services and ask them to respond to your question .
Of course , both employers and workers - generally both women - are often happy with this state of affairs , which <unk> money .
We share the concerns , but we prefer to work together with the Commissioner to constructively tackle the causes of these problems in the future .
The problem is that in this case Father Christmas has to follow orders and therefore he can only give presents when he is authorised by others to do so .
It was not outrageous .
The first thing which strikes one is the contradictory nature of the text .
There is no one to help them .
These and other measures are being examined in the context of the high-level group on textiles and clothing .
In the Middle East , following the elections to the Palestinian Authority , we have the chance to be on the same side .
We need a Union programme to help SMEs to become <unk> in the internal market .
Those could <unk> an infection .
NGL ) .
Yet I think it is perhaps a sign of a certain collective hypocrisy to suggest that the problem would have been resolved if the announcement had been made under better conditions , if there had been consultation , if there had been respect for the procedures set out in the European directives .
This is an energy source from the past , from the 1960s !
Let me start with the completion of the internal market .
Are we <unk> away from one another as far as our values are concerned ?
On this island , as on the other Greek islands , illness was and is a much bigger problem than it is in Athens or in any other large European urban centre .
Let us use them and let us go forward step by step .
Thank you .
After the Second World War , we decided that never again would there be an Auschwitz , never again would there be a war .
Mr President , without wishing to impede the progress of the debate , but in view of the last comments , I would ask the Commission very sincerely to provide an overview at the next Committee meeting of the internal and external activities which it has undertaken in order to <unk> the recommendation of the Scientific Committee on Animal Health and Animal Welfare of 10 March 1999 both in the Commission &apos;s policies and at international level .
You will remember the very quick response of the Commission and my services to the outbreak of foot and mouth disease some years ago , when the Commission responded within a matter of hours and all the relevant authorities and Member States knew within a matter of hours that there had been this outbreak in the United Kingdom .
If the plenary accepts the rapporteur &apos; s proposals and the report adopted in committee , we will be able to work in a much more collective manner , based on cooperation within and outside the European Parliament , on a dialogue with the NGOs , a dialogue with the national parliaments , which are our natural partners .
They are people , usually ministers , who go into a closed room , have a discussion , <unk> each other on the back and say ‘ great decision ’ .
Russia recently placed a ban on imports of plant products from Lithuania and now from Poland .
The Commission will make the necessary amendments to the budget resulting from this change .
In conclusion , I would urge that all future political cooperation with Malaysia be conditional upon the Malaysian Government &apos;s abolition of the Internal Security Act and also the release of all political prisoners , so that all <unk> may be assured that their basic human rights as enshrined in their constitution are respected .
I would also like to thank you for your speeches .
The Structural Funds regulation is an important tool , but it needs to be applied correctly in practice .
Today &apos;s debate and our resolution is really a manifestation of Parliament &apos;s wish for the Council of Ministers and the Commission to act .
The debate is closed .
<unk> of amendment after the first reading of the budget in Parliament , no voting motions being placed during the first reading in Parliament , and then a joint procedure in the trialogue prior to the budget &apos;s second reading in the Council - from an institutional viewpoint , that constitutes a decisive step forward .
We voted in favour of Turkey &apos;s entry into the customs union because we thought , and because the democrats were asking us to do so , that it would possibly be , or could be , a <unk> against the Islamic extremists .
We can neither <unk> nor , as some would have us do , underestimate the <unk> of the incidents of corruption , fraud and malpractice .
The next item is the continuation of the debate on the situation in Afghanistan .
I believe that what happens at the so-called environmental summits is not as decisive as what we bring to pass in our practical work between the summits and how we get it across to our citizens .
It was even <unk> where certain fundamental policies are concerned and made no changes to <unk> issues .
This aims to renew cross-border broadcasting to Belarus in one radio channel , using the data resources of <unk> <unk> from Belarus and the <unk> broadcasting licence of Radio Baltic <unk> from <unk> , Lithuania .
Over the last few years , we have received a number of letters from Member States supporting <unk> 2000 and requesting the Commission to take a pan-European initiative .
Approval of this directive completes the second stage of the Commission proposal on risks from physical agents .
Having said this , I would like to go back to two difficult points , which were raised at the beginning of our discussions : The debate is closed .
Furthermore , a scheme with subsidies per <unk> would be much easier to administer .
It has managed to bring initially very diverse opinions closer together and has contributed greatly to the final text which was met by approval by all parties .
Mr President , I should like to congratulate the rapporteur for her work on PROGRESS , a new and comprehensive structure for social solidarity .
The Commission could also have adopted different approaches to the issue of legal protection .
We have had the Tampere Summit .
Nothing of all that you have in mind can be creative unless we get off the <unk> of the Maastricht indicators .
Madam President , I believe that it would be premature to draw the conclusion that the <unk> peace process in the Middle East will be buried as a result of these elections or that these elections <unk> the death of the Oslo agreements .
The people of Europe have a perception that MEPs and Commissioners do not live up to high standards , and whether or not we like it this is the reality which we must acknowledge and remedy , not close ranks and pretend does not exist .
As far as I am concerned , I cannot see any objection to the measure being applied with immediate effect .
For all these reasons , and because we are in favour of Schengen , we decided to vote against this report , which does not take account of these considerations .
I would like to see the meat , not just the allegations .
If we do not wish to stand accused of pursuing a <unk> structural policy that does nothing to improve the unemployment situation in the long term , then the measures drawn up so far must be analysed .
At the same time , it shows how large a part the Member States play in administering the EU budget , as they use up 80 % of all expenditure .
Finally small businesses find late <unk> more than a nuisance .
We will only succeed at European level , but the European Parliament wants to be fully involved : if we work together , then we will make progress .
But if you just say waste and that is all , then I will say no .
Thank you , Commissioner Marín .
Eurobarometer showed that only 6 % of EU citizens thought they knew a lot about the EU .
As others have <unk> upon it at length before me , including Mr <unk> , I will not go into the details now .
It is therefore about time that consumers were able to exercise some control over the activities of such <unk> companies .
We all know what this is about : it is an attempt to undermine by <unk> resolution our <unk> policy – a perfectly reasonable political position , which I do not happen to support .
And try to associate States such as Italy with this initiative - Italy &apos;s Minister for Fisheries , Mr <unk> , said in Venice on 29 November last year that he was in favour of taking these nets out of the Mediterranean , in exchange for the compensatory measures which you have mentioned as a socioeconomic alternative .
<unk> the framework of this programme , there are only the Structural Funds for the fisheries industry , which govern all scrapping measures and where the same conditions apply universally .
Mr President , our discussion today on transmissible <unk> <unk> , transmissible diseases which include BSE or <unk> , is one of the many follow-up reports or one of the follow-up discussions to the final BSE report and I think that it is also of great interest to the visitors in the gallery .
It would appear that we are more or less in agreement on the need to maintain the fundamental synergy on which the Lisbon strategy is based , and which was given a useful boost by the conclusions of the Gothenburg European Council .
Because a <unk> of four years would not allow us to react quickly to possible imbalances in the European starch market , the Commission cannot accept this amendment in the context of the proposal at hand .
Even the lack of currency <unk> that has been caused by the prospect of the euro should not induce us to sit back .
This is to be welcomed , as the United States is no longer an objective player in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict .
We know that the Council is ready to give us a final decision and final opinion very soon .
Since trafficking in women is perpetrated internationally by well-organised supranational groups , combating this problem also requires coordination at the supranational level .
That is an issue which is in our hands and we can approve it without going to the Council .
A particularly important achievement of the compromise is that financial guarantees are now required to cover the potential cost arising from land affected by a waste facility .
It aims to assist the country &apos;s political and economic reform programme .
I would add that the Committee on Budgets has given a display of collective wisdom which is worthy of praise , since the majority ensured that reason was able to prevail .
Although in Austria the total <unk> transport duration of six hours is a more rigorous limit than that proposed by the EU , a driver cannot be prosecuted if he has not exceeded this limit in Austria , even though he has been driving for more than six hours in a foreign country .
Not all of them were actually filled by the Commission or OLAF , but when it came to the 2001 budget the budgetary authority then decided to cut the number of <unk> A posts to fewer than there were officials in place .
I have not even mentioned the fact that the euro commands great respect on the international financial markets , as is evident from its important role as an international reserve currency .
<unk> direct elections to a new convention .
It is precisely because we are in favour of developing genuinely <unk> cooperation relationships between genuinely equal partners , between all the countries of the world , that we have no intention of <unk> this double talk by voting in favour .
We therefore rejected the amendments seeking to remove from the scope of this directive control over the maximum weekly working time , night working hours , weekly rest periods and driving times between these rest periods and a <unk> limitation of driving hours as proposed by the Commission in Annex 1 .
Above all , they are carcinogenic .
We need definite targets rather than woolly statements .
Of course , unemployment is still too high , but 2.5 million new jobs have been created .
<unk> , judges , prosecutors and police authorities also want more effective instruments to fight organised crime and terrorism .
I also welcome the work of the rapporteur who , in choosing to place her document in the context both of the three pillars of sustainable development and of the conclusions of the Lisbon and Gothenburg European Summits , emphasises the importance of an industrial policy that is social and environmental .
Our policies must deliver for everyone .
As one might expect , the Council has not got round to it yet .
If it is established that France is not complying with these principles of Community law and is creating an obstacle to free movement , obviously the Commission could envisage bringing an infringement procedure against it .
What they do want is a Europe that becomes competitive , creates jobs , <unk> terrorism and cross-border crime , that <unk> proper external policy , and that , at long last , simply does what it is expected to do .
I know some will be concerned that a brand new military mission in Bosnia sends a signal that the country continues to suffer from significant instability .
I will ask the Commission to answer these questions in writing given the extraordinary circumstances , but there will be no oral reply .
The last five years have , in fact seen a <unk> revolution in the television sector ; the old TV has now become a supporting <unk> , a technical tool in the service of digital innovation , the <unk> invasion , the Internet and <unk> relationships between user and <unk> .
The reports by Mrs Rühle and Mr Seppänen both concern the same issue : guarantees against loans granted to the European Investment Bank .
In conclusion , I would ask you to support the <unk> report , in the form presented by the rapporteur and as supported by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .
However , the directive , as it currently stands , is only applicable to directives listed in Annex 1 and there are a number of directives they would have liked to have seen within the ambit of this directive , such as <unk> safety , low <unk> gas <unk> and personal protective equipment .
If necessary , we will call on the Court of Justice .
We welcome the fact that , by means of this framework decision , the European Union is supporting the Convention on the Protection of the Environment through criminal law that was approved in the Council of Europe in 1998 and which has so far not been ratified by enough States to enter into force .
Mr President , genetic engineering and biotechnology are the key technologies of the future .
They will decide on the future of the Turkish Cypriot community in the northern part of the island .
I should like to focus on two specific points .
Mr President , I understand it is not possible to request a change , but may one protest against a change made by the Conference of Presidents ?
I am a strong advocate of the approach of <unk> legislation in line with the principle of subsidiarity , with self-regulation in first place , that is self-regulation by the banks .
That would add something to the European elections .
Finally , I can say that whatever its initial direction , this report has , during the various debates in the Committee on Agriculture and part-session , been <unk> in the direction we wanted .
The EU and individual Member States also committed themselves at the environmental conference in Rio to reduce carbon dioxide emissions , among other things .
On the other hand , Denmark &apos;s reservations about participating in legal cooperation in the EU prevent it from being involved in the initiatives to combat fraud which the report demands , which is why we have not voted in favour of all parts of the report .
All that was needed was the Council ’ s approval , but the Council adopts its customary stance of <unk> in the air and absolute <unk> .
If we prescribe figures here , then we must also prescribe how we measure , when we measure and where we measure .
First of all I am thinking of the disturbing decline of the situation in Tunisia , at this very moment .
I remember , for example , the last Italian Presidency and the one before that , amongst others .
It is a matter of some concern to me that the democracy and prosperity we have succeeded in achieving are now under threat .
This was almost EUR 10 000 million more than in the previous year .
Procedure without report ( Rule <unk> ) : Do you know what ECU 7 is ?
There are not many of you in the Chamber yet , in fact only just enough to make up a football team , which brings me to the subject of this debate .
I say this to the Commissioner present , but in particular so that he may pass it on to Mr Fischler .
Mr President , Commissioner , <unk> two and <unk> vehicles , that is <unk> and <unk> , are mainly used in two areas .
The creation of four special reserves , totalling ECU <unk> billion in commitments and ECU 4 billion in payments , is unacceptable .
Parliament has a very strong preference for a budget to be adopted in December of this year for 25 Member States .
What we ask is that the law should adapt to people &apos;s situations , in other words that fundamental rights should be respected .
We therefore need to get some more politics into the WTO .
Mr President , I should like to start by thanking the Commissioner for his statement .
Does the Commission intend to run the risk of carrying out dangerous experiments with a problem as serious as employment ?
Many thanks also to the EU Commission , to its staff in <unk> and to <unk> <unk> , its special representative there .
We voted with cross-party support to ban funding of research resulting in the destruction of human embryos , any kind of cloning , the use of surplus embryos and <unk> intervention .
From this point of view , when Parliament considers that progress is being made because regular press conferences are held following any Governing Council meetings and because , in addition to annual reports , the ECB also <unk> monthly reports , this <unk> a false sense of true democracy among the peoples of Europe .
The honourable Member asked if this would be an issue for the Member States to decide on in the future .
My group too favours an advisory committee on the book trade .
<unk> with the USA , where these data are available after 45 days , this is far too late and makes it difficult for the European Central Bank to fulfil its duty to provide guidance .
Here , we are not discussing whether Turkey is fulfilling the conditions it needs to fulfil in order to become a member of the Union in the near future - and we can be rigorous in demanding that it does fulfil them - we are opening a debate on whether or not Turkey is to be allowed to join the Union in the future and wondering whether a different sort of association might be appropriate .
The criticisms voiced by certain opponents of this directive are only <unk> related to its draft .
Is it 10 , 20 or 30 % profit and do our citizens have to pay that ?
I understand that <unk> <unk> cannot for the time being undertake that mission for personal reasons , which are fully understandable and have my deepest sympathy .
We must also not be led <unk> by the effort to harmonize taxes , into trying by means of taxation to achieve a financial , in other words artificial harmonization of prices .
This thematic strategy is the first in a series of seven strategies which represent a new way of preparing coordinated environmental policy .
The international importance of this directive is also shown by the fact that it already serves as an example of an <unk> protocol currently being developed by the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe .
This will become much more important with the enlargement of the European Union to include a lot of very poor countries .
The EU is <unk> to the majority of citizens , who do not consider it their homeland .
We would like our amendments to be taken over .
I believe that was the majority view enshrined in our stance on the Convention .
What is the Commission planning to do ?
I thank him very sincerely for what I consider to be one of the <unk> statements I have heard in Parliament from a President-in-Office for a considerable period of time .
It would be premature at this stage to introduce bans on particular substances .
You have for some time now adopted budgetary guidelines yourselves which are used throughout your debates .
I am deeply grateful , moreover , to you , Madam President , for your kind and <unk> words of welcome .
That is in fact too little in my view , for the question is , of course : what is meant by ‘ pass on ’ ?
For the Commission must in fact have a leading role to play .
The uncompromising positions of France and Germany were unacceptable to Spain and Poland , who would have lost voting rights Nice .
Do you expect us to be able to vote on such a text ?
It has received cross-party , <unk> support and it will now go forward to the Commission and the Council .
This will be <unk> , creating 160 times the amount of radioactive waste it started with .
In the run up to the Olympic Games in Greece in 2004 , the International Olympic <unk> Centre was set up and undertook to conduct a major campaign .
If this matter is not given the attention it deserves there will be a danger that the Union &apos;s short timetable for enlargement will mean the environment getting swept aside in favour of economic and trade agreements .
I wonder through you , President , if it is possible to ask him if he could explain to assembled masses here how he voted , because it is important that we know .
The Commission has formally asked the Member States for information about their national rules , and is currently looking into the responses it has received , and I can assure the Members of this Parliament that the Commission will start proceedings against Member States , where necessary .
We must clearly express what we think joint cooperation means and stick to our principles , whilst also accepting that Iran has its own structures and must itself decide in what way it is to change , difficult though this may often be for us to understand .
In the Basque Country , in the middle of a democratic Europe , we currently have dozens of <unk> <unk> .
Social , economic and ethnic problems – all these other <unk> of problems I have mentioned – have to be given a proper place in the analysis .
If both candidates had agreed to electronic voting , we would have gone ahead with that , but they did not .
This cooperation is , however , always subject to the legal constraints imposed on the Commission .
People demand vigorous and determined efforts when it comes to solving these problems .
Along these lines , I consider it important for national reports to be drawn up on the sustainability of public finances , based on common elements .
This <unk> <unk> has done little to advance Europe &apos;s cause and our country &apos;s .
Mr President , in this final intervention I would like to emphasise three points .
<unk> 1 000 people work there together as <unk> for around 10 000 people .
Here too , we shall see what the Council decides .
In my opinion , we have before us an opportunity of which we must not fail to take advantage .
<unk> on <unk> are now taking place in such a way that all Member States are informed about the consultation .
It is very important that the <unk> fund is used not just for nuclear safety but also for harmonisation on the environment .
I would like to point out , however , that there seems to be a certain amount of <unk> going around .
It is a sound principle that the authority <unk> an issue should not be the same one which then makes a decision on the case .
The European Union is itself an example of a political structure in which the idea of a Community based on the rule of law is paramount .
Mr President , I shall not use up all the speaking time allotted to me .
Only an increase in democratic control , and especially a working involvement of the national parliaments , can ensure that the European idea is put across to the citizens of the various Member States .
As we speak , my country , Italy , has increased its arms exports by 25 % in one year and is <unk> a 40 % increase in future .
If it really is the case - and there seems to be considerable evidence - that the phenomenon is growing , that children are being <unk> commercially , that children are kidnapped not only in order to abuse them but to <unk> them into prostitution and export them - we know from the debates on human trade that it includes children - , then we must take all possible steps from the use of <unk> to the founding of a European centre for missing children .
The Recommendation calls on each Member State to adopt an integrated strategy and to take all the necessary legislative , regulatory , administrative and other measures with a view to increasing the participation of women at all levels .
There has to be wide acceptance of all measures relating to the single currency policy of the <unk> .
There is , however , no privilege for Austria on the grounds of its citizens being of more value than the citizens of Italy or France .
It is also part of our broader strategy for the Balkans .
It is astonishing how the Conservatives and Christian Democrats in this House have refused to talk in terms of the social market economy , and I can tell the Members on the other side of the House that they can correct their group ’ s embarrassing mistake in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs in tomorrow ’ s plenary vote , by voting in favour of our amendments .
<unk> is being paid to violence in the work sphere , and so forth , but not so much within the family .
The European Union , for its part , should state that Ukraine ’ s attempts to become integrated into Europe are being assessed .
In recent weeks , certain Member States such as Finland have declared their support for a tax of this kind , while a number of members of parliament ( from Europe , Canada and the United States ) have issued an international appeal in support of the <unk> tax &apos; .
Above all , I would ask you all to be most <unk> in this matter because those affected require our urgent help .
We have always said - we will continue to say it and , fortunately , this has been the case - that this debate should take place within the United Nations .
Just today in conciliation with the Council we agreed on another new flexibility instrument , the EU Solidarity Fund , to deal with the effects of natural disasters , etc .
This is not going to solve the problem , in fact it ignores the problems of drug addicts who are only harming themselves and contributes to the <unk> in prisons .
We even warned that selling surpluses on the global market could only harm associated countries and the interests of the Community &apos;s external trade policy .
Part of the cost of guaranteeing food safety and restoring consumer confidence should therefore be charged to the general budget .
I remember very clearly when he talked of the former Soviet Union as being the last colonial empire on earth , with its annexation of the three Baltic states - Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania .
This is certainly not helped by the accession countries , where we only have 14 % at the moment .
Whilst welcoming the extension of the work of the ad hoc commission <unk> on <unk> for prisoners unjustly convicted of terrorism offences , we call for full judicial review of these cases , and for full compensation to be paid in accordance with international human rights laws .
We in Europe are lagging behind the US because at present the EU market is fragmented as a result of linguistic and cultural diversity .
This applies equally to agricultural policy .
I challenge the Commissioner to inform us whether , in this great food revolution which is upon us , he is willing to study this pact seriously , together with the active participation of consumers themselves .
A great deal has already been acknowledged about them , much has been said , much has been demanded , but there is little to show by way of concrete results .
A <unk> right-wing majority succeeded in removing any reference to market failures .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , at the death of Louis <unk> , King of France , the French people <unk> their <unk> on his successor , Louis <unk> .
This is what I expect the outcome of the Community development programmes to be , and I do not expect you to give way on this again .
Another example I would give is that of the <unk> agreed on in Basel and present in the Commission proposal , but which is absent from Parliament ’ s resolution and must not be <unk> through the back door .
<unk> , a bad environment for children growing up , bad living conditions and social exclusion are often the breeding ground of racism .
Mrs President , there is now almost universal acceptance that climate change is a serious and an urgent problem .
In the last two years since Tampere , the programme of cooperation on justice matters has been heavily weighted to the security side of the scales - especially since 11 September with the <unk> package .
As you know , Chechnya held parliamentary elections on 28 November last year , its first legislative elections in eight years .
If we give due weight to the statements of the Commission regarding preferential treatment of products imported from the settlements , then we see that Israel &apos;s practice of issuing certificates of origin for these products is considered by the Commission to be a violation of the agreement .
Please arrange for that report &apos;s immediate publication .
Mr President , it is more than three years since President Putin came to office and it is time to take stock .
It is important that this Parliament sends the message that it is essential to set the timetable at the European Council in Nice , which needs to be successful .
This automatic identification with our interests is over , although this is no cause for alarm .
The ever <unk> <unk> times are greatly to be welcomed ; here , the Ombudsman is an example of good administrative practice on a European scale .
The European Union and global agreements must take this into account , as failure to do so will lead to their outright rejection by the people .
The Pact must not be used as an excuse for personal failures and omissions ; it is a mandate for action by the Member States and the Commission .
That is why I welcome the President-in-Office &apos;s commitment this afternoon to work with Israel and the other parties on free movement , to facilitate the movement of 20 000 Gaza residents who work in Israel and to lift the <unk> of borders of land , sea and air .
Many men after all find the idea that their picture of reality is not relevant for women <unk> .
Every <unk> <unk> uses a different one .
Are we entirely in agreement then ?
We can use administrative law or we can allocate state subsidies .
I personally agree that taxation is the responsibility of the individual Member State .
I believe that the communication on the part of the European Commission on the guidelines is the right move .
These benchmarks should be based on the average of the three most successful Member States .
Mr President , Madam Vice-President of the Commission , I think that the three directives under discussion today are a step forward as far as maritime safety is concerned , although I think that things would be even better if the Council took less time and was more efficient in taking decisions and we did not end up debating the Erika II package before we have even completed the Erika I package .
This helps us to place the issue in its historical and <unk> context and to eliminate the <unk> view - expressed by some <unk> <unk> in recent days - that it is the European Commission who will be responsible for any unemployment problems .
Frankly , I believe that greater weight must be given to this Parliament ’ s opposition and that the will of the people ’ s representatives must genuinely be made to count for something .
I expect , and this is no more than the application of the Treaty , that the Council will decide on the basis of the Commission &apos;s proposals , because in the first place the Commission has made some very sensible proposals here , and in the second the Treaty itself <unk> that this is the procedure to be followed .
There must be no <unk> in subsequent Structural Fund support for Objective 1 areas in eastern Germany and I urge you to bear this in mind .
EC investment partners financial instrument Moreover , there are also some good resources which are being put to use .
It is a very important to avoid the idea of a <unk> Europe .
I look forward to receipt of that document , which will be taken into account in all further considerations in relation to this issue .
We need to safeguard these measures by complying with international law and the rules of international trade and , more specifically , through China &apos;s protocol of accession to the WTO .
<unk> data and privacy in telecommunications I said this debate would not continue .
We believe we are at the beginning of the process of applying the N + 2 rule and , therefore , rather than making value judgments about what approximation the Commission should carry out in the application of this rule , what really interests us is to be given an assessment of how it is being applied , what the initial results are and , on that basis , to produce a common strategy in this Parliament on the application of the N + 2 rule on the part of the Commission in the Member States .
Mr President , my reply to the first question from Mrs Günther about <unk> mines , is that this is an urgent and fundamental matter in Cambodia , but not one of the aims of the cooperation agreement as such .
European funds should be devoted to radio and television broadcasts in the <unk> language .
In the report , it is recommended that after the local elections taking place between 19 September and 3 October , a follow-up report be drawn up in due course , in the light of which the competent Council bodies will <unk> the situation .
An equitable power sharing system was to be established , together with a rotating Presidency passing from <unk> to <unk> every 18 months .
Establishing such measures is an essential prerequisite for making recourse to the courts and to traditional arbitration mechanisms less frequent , <unk> these institutions from having to rule on matters which , being less complex , could be resolved by alternative dispute resolution models .
However , we cannot rely only on public investment to stimulate growth : we must give incentives to stimulate private investment , which is the real source of sustainable growth in Europe .
What we want , President-in-Office , are not solemn declarations from the Council .
All that the EU Member States have left outside Europe in terms of territory are small or <unk> populated sections of their former colonial empire .
For this reason it has been decided that the register of complaints is to be open to the public .
The reasons for this are many and varied and time does not permit me to elaborate on many of them here , but two matters are of particular importance to me .
That is why we oppose a new resolution .
It has been to the <unk> room of the university <unk> in Constitutional Law , Francisco <unk> y <unk> , and killed him in cold blood .
( Parliament adopted the legislative resolution ) Its main purpose is to revise the four existing directives on motor insurance .
<unk> danger maps , which identify the special risks to residents , constitute a sound addition to this legislation .
In legal terms , in terms of the Treaty , I can certainly give a positive answer .
Another case of the proverb of the <unk> and the <unk> .
In general , workers do not know how their job is classified .
In spite of the interinstitutional agreement which has been concluded , and which we know is the best possible solution , the European Council does not understand the needs of the Union .
EU aid of up to four per cent of gross domestic product per year is a large amount for the new Member States , but a modest amount for the existing ones .
The special programme for the victims of apartheid has been the most successful programme of the European Union .
If we genuinely believe that political union remains the aim , and if we are genuinely ashamed of having to accept the initiative of the ten new Member States on the budget , then we need to act immediately and unambiguously .
<unk> areas were given an especially prominent position within that framework .
The European Parliament is best placed to know that refusing to engage in dialogue is not the way to solve problems .
When will we finally incorporate sustainability into our fisheries policy ?
Our committee now feel that it is time that the Commission <unk> us into action in this area .
At a difficult moment in time , when the global requirements for security and stability are <unk> with citizens ’ rights and when discrimination even in the Western world is still a serious source of friction among communities , ethnic groups , <unk> and the <unk> , it has become vital to monitor these developments by means of a body with a strong , extensive remit .
If we are going to develop the infrastructure for the energy networks right across the EU , we ought at least also to equip them with new technologies in order to make them more efficient , to avoid the unnecessary duplication of pipelines , and to reduce to a minimum such forms of environmental pollution as the escape of methane from natural gas pipelines .
The very fact that employers will be obliged to take action is very important as the problem has to be addressed through action and not just by issuing various declarations .
The Organisation for Security and <unk> in Europe must be commissioned to prepare a report for our Parliament , the Commission and the Council , and the task which faces us generally in our various Groups must be directed particularly at obtaining such information as quickly as possible and <unk> .
If the wording , &apos; the most economically advantageous tender for the contracting authorities &apos; remains in place , it means that the contracting authorities do not need to take account of the environment or of life <unk> and the interests of society in a broader perspective .
Madam President , the report we are discussing today is a very important one , because the actual issue here is to establish in advance what will subsequently be the approach of the Community , the union of our peoples , to future development .
Such provisions already exist - or , in the case of low cost housing , are about to be completed - in France , but we believe that we need to go even further .
In addition , an <unk> multidisciplinary group , made up of experts in air safety and combating terrorism , was set up immediately .
In my view the 5 % being proposed for the larger nations is simply too high .
As regards the appropriate measures to be taken if the agreement does not succeed , the Commission is bearing these in mind but , as you well understand , we think and we hope that it will be possible for the negotiations to move forward on Monday in a more decisive way .
I noted down what Mr Fabra Vallés said , in very diplomatic language , about the other point - that there was a lack of rigour and objectivity .
Mr President , the G7 + 1 summit is taking place today in Moscow on disarmament matters .
The Presidents decided not to include this subject in today &apos; s agenda but to talk about restructuring in general .
We have to think in terms of transport policy and the essential factor is not simply competition within the rail sector , which is the objective that we have been pursuing <unk> for years , but providing the conditions to enable there to be competition between road and the other modes of transport .
After <unk> that &apos; , I would like to insert <unk> industrialised countries &apos; and then continue with <unk> term reductions of the order &apos; and so on .
It is true that the candidate countries are achieving higher growth rates than the <unk> average , but economically they are still a very long way behind .
But will the <unk> make a distinction between a Korean net , a <unk> net and an Italian net ?
These were by no means easy negotiations but I can tell you that the final outcome is well-balanced .
.
At the moment , we have to wait for the various Member States to send in their lists .
In numerous areas , we have spent and continue to spend more money than anyone else but still we are not visible because it sort of runs through our <unk> rather than being vested in any one institution .
<unk> journeys for animals must be reduced as far as possible , especially for transport to the <unk> , for veterinary and animal welfare reasons , on the one hand , and for reasons of economic development , on the other .
However , we do not believe that increased <unk> of the EU requires the European Parliament &apos; s powers to be extended where all the EU &apos; s decisions are concerned .
On the vote on Angola : This directive is a patents directive .
Only by subsequent assessment will it be possible to establish whether or not the aim of the programme , namely to create more jobs , has actually been achieved .
It would be more reasonable for the EU to make clear arrangements with the USA about the conditions of the extradition .
That is why incorporating strict social and environmental standards into the rules of trade and checking that these standards are upheld in the bilateral agreements we sign , are priorities .
The present <unk> were born at a certain moment with an internal trend towards their transformation .
The European Union will need to reconsider its approach to Ukraine .
You quite rightly said that Greece must be held to account if it again submits <unk> data .
So much is at stake and although the EU is not the world and therefore we cannot take the whole world &apos;s burdens on our shoulders , at least let us argue forcibly for the right policies and the right targets and go to Japan in an aggressive frame of mind to try to save the planet from a catastrophe .
Mr President , on a point of order .
Thank you very much for your answer .
On the other hand , I think that the Committee on the Environment has gone too far with regard to <unk> in petrol in the year 2000 .
Mr President , as a member of the Temporary Committee on <unk> and <unk> <unk> , I have a very high opinion of its final report , which Parliament is to discuss today .
You should corner Mr Fischler individually if you wish to speak to him .
I can do no other than underline everything that has been said .
Today ’ s poverty already has a history , and part of that history has to do with the mistakes that have been made in development finance over recent years and have had the consequence that today , still , 2 <unk> million people – amounting to almost half the world ’ s population – have less than two dollars a day on which to live .
The five amendments to the <unk> report are correct in terms of the principles and I hope that the Council will also agree that they deserve to be incorporated in the final directive .
And so we begin to see the uncontrolled consequences of the single currency , which they told us would bring nothing but benefits , though the public is now coming to realize , gradually , the disadvantages and the enormous constraints it involves .
The Commission has meanwhile taken note of President <unk> &apos;s promise to employ all necessary resources at federal level to find and punish the perpetrators , and to intensify the talks on finding a peaceful solution to the conflict .
Faced with this situation , I feel that the EU has major responsibilities and is duty bound , at world level and thus within the UN , to launch an entirely different energy policy , one that is fair , sustainable and genuinely intended to serve the citizens , and to do so with the help of politicians , oil companies and civil society .
A responsible policy on the part of the most developed countries must be based upon those countries &apos; being able to reduce their own emissions .
I have to reiterate that , because the <unk> market economy incorporates on the one hand functioning free and liberalised markets and , on the other , sees responsibility towards enterprises , employees and consumers , along with sustainability , as part of its responsibility towards future generations .
My question is : can the President-in-Office assure us that there will be no police violence and suppression such as we saw in Gothenburg and Genoa ?
– ( ) Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Commissioner , climate change is one of the most crucial challenges that politicians such as ourselves have to face .
MacCormick report ( <unk> / 2000 ) .
With regard to the Commission , I was equally interested to note the account of the recent meeting between you , President Prodi , and the Greek Defence Minister , <unk> <unk> , who apparently suggested including a new heading to fund research into defence within the EU budget .
Lastly , a technical note : Mr President , in Annex I ( I ) in particular points 5 and 6 , there are definitions that could give rise to ambiguity .
I say &quot; a major event &apos; because the amendments you are going to discuss and vote on are , in fact , a budgetary <unk> of the directions formulated by the House in its March resolution .
The debate is closed .
As you will have probably noted , the latest version of the Commission scoreboard on the area of freedom , security and justice already indicated that a follow-up will be given this autumn with a proposal for a directive on compensation to victims .
( Parliament adopted the text ) There is a need to be able to react faster than the current structure allows .
Firstly , the <unk> of the US dollar compared with the euro will mean an increase in commitment appropriations , in particular for export refunds and some other payments .
Enlargement could not , except by deliberately sacrificing the balances too <unk> achieved over the years , translate into a transfer from the countries of cohesion towards the candidates for membership , without coming up with other systems for the regions with the weakest incomes .
The Palestinian parliamentary elections in January will , of course , be telling .
.
Why is this so ?
I insist that a vote be taken on this annex now in accordance with procedure .
There we have a genuine environmental policy .
As regards the new proposal , I repeat that there has been a Commission proposal on the Council table since 1994 .
However , I hope that it will become apparent after these six months that the earlier Cardiff summit and the forthcoming Cologne summit have produced more in this respect , that we actually see integral legislation that commits the Commission to integrating environmental policy in other areas too , including structural policy .
As for Amendments Nos 3 and 4 , we feel that they introduce changes to two points , concerning the committees , and here again we agree with the European Parliament .
The United States administration , the coal industry and all of us need to <unk> ourselves of our responsibility and provide a sound alternative : either the soil is <unk> or the <unk> <unk> are allocated a proper place where provision is made for all kinds of support , be it in the psychological , social , cultural or budgetary field .
I welcome the fact , however , that Parliament rejected Amendments Nos 16 , 17 and 18 , which were intended to restrict the average annual Community budget to a maximum of 1 % of Community GNP – in line with the wishes of the signatories of the ‘ <unk> of the Six ’ – and to <unk> , or , to put it more accurately , to do away with the Community regional policy .
While I endorse the approach taken by the rapporteur , I have to point out that currently , despite the number of tests carried out on donors and <unk> of blood destined for <unk> , there is nonetheless a gap which means that we cannot have total guarantees .
Moreover , the knowledge which the new Member States have enables the EU to conduct a more active and effective policy .
It is deplorable that I was the only EU representative to attend , when the women ’ s rights conference in Beijing subjected the Beijing <unk> and its practical implementation to its tenth assessment .
Congratulations and well done .
The first five countries have been selected : Denmark , Ireland , Greece , Luxembourg and the Netherlands , and a Committee of three experts has been set up .
Mr President , I wish to thank the rapporteur for his cooperation .
.
If they are not , the young people , who have no money of their own , find it difficult to repay their advances , and so I address an urgent appeal to the Commission that these payments should be made at least three months after they are agreed to .
Madam President , I too would like to applaud the Commission &apos;s intention to legislate against racism , and mainly to echo what I heard from Mr Ford and Mr Oostlander .
These criteria are clear enough with regard to respect for the rule of law , democratic guarantees , fundamental freedoms and the protection of minorities .
They are now free to flourish .
If the emissions trading method works – as it does – I believe we should first of all apply a kind of internal emissions trading to the systems where the method is being used , reducing the effects of the gas and equipment to a minimum in the first place and analysing the costs and benefits .
.
We cannot accept the persecution and intimidation of human rights defenders and government critics , or arbitrary imprisonment and the use of solitary confinement .
In this area there is much that the Community can offer .
In its conclusions , the Council has time after time confirmed it commitment to reaching an agreement at the next and Sixth Conference of the Parties to safeguarding the Kyoto Protocol &apos; s environmental integrity and to creating conditions for its ratification and entry into force by 2002 at the latest .
There are not ; there are only terrorists , full stop .
( The House rose and observed a minute &apos; s silence ) I would like to remind Members of this Parliament of some of the important matters at stake .
Air transport has been <unk> , all the undertakings have been <unk> , there is a common market .
If we do not do that , then the Commission will undoubtedly try in other ways to remain below the agricultural ceiling .
Neither will operating aid , not even <unk> aid , solve the Korea problem : that has to be firmly dealt with by means of trade policy , for example .
&apos;No freedom for the enemies of freedom &apos; was what the advocates of the revolutionary <unk> were saying two centuries ago , the advocates of the revolution which proved , <unk> , to be the mother of all modern totalitarian regimes .
I look forward to listening to the remainder of today ’ s debate .
Thank you , Mr van den Broek .
Everything must be put in place to enable Europe &apos;s Member States to gain a leading position in this highly competitive satellite market which is at present dominated by the United States .
This is why the global European strategy must consist , on the one hand , of a <unk> fight against all forms of terrorism and , on the other , of in-depth dialogue between <unk> and cultures .
Let me just say a few things with specific reference to Bulgaria .
Three <unk> for the report and the five amendments !
Mr President , this <unk> issue is turning into a western entitled <unk> Upon a Time in the West - of Europe &apos; .
The process is therefore under way , but we are now entering the domain of Member State jurisdiction and cannot always dictate how long things will take .
We have a responsibility , we will accept that to the full ; but in this case , I repeat , the problem should have been prevented at source .
But it is a process of self-determination which grows more complicated by the day , as highlighted last week by news of the repression taking place in the occupied territories of Western Sahara .
Their programmes are made impossible by constant bureaucratic demands to preserve jobs .
So we are left with this remaining 20 % , and it is only 20 % , but , as you know , in negotiations the last few percentage points make all the difference , and this is where we are now .
The first is the combined impact of reduced resources under the new financial perspective , and the emergence of new challenges leaves us no option but to set clear priorities in the next budget .
My group is concerned about reports of <unk> fighting in Northern and Eastern Afghanistan , leading to thousands of <unk> <unk> villages , reports of 50 or more people being killed in <unk> .
There have subsequently been elections which Hamas has won by a very substantial majority , by an absolute majority , on a platform that to a certain extent is different to that of President <unk> .
We in the European Union are accustomed to these <unk> approaches , with recourse to transition periods .
The idea that terrorism can be combated by restricting citizens &apos; freedoms and rights is nothing but an illusion , as is shown by the Echelon case .
Likewise , the position in Kosovo at the moment is potentially dangerous .
The answer is no .
I believe that this directive is disproportionate , because it places security above freedom and democracy .
Our parliamentary <unk> today is a pointless <unk> exercise .
This is a violation of Article 6 ( 2 ) of the <unk> on presumption of innocence .
To support them will be the fifty or so trade union officials employed by the EU , defending people who are guilty of malpractice .
I believe that , amongst other things , this will start to set in motion a process which may lead to reforms in Palestinian <unk> ; after all , elections are not that far off .
We must translate our <unk> into creativity and we must have faith that only by changing can we retain the potential to realise our ambitions .
In relation to the ICC , I should like to warn the Council and the Commission against devising a cosmetic compromise in which real immunity for American citizens who have committed war crimes is wrapped up in every conceivable kind of complicated legal <unk> .
We must keep our eyes fixed on our objectives : peace , sustainable development , solidarity and freedom .
In a letter to the Committee on the Environment , Mrs Bjerregaard has promised to comply with these demands .
<unk> is not something that we have discussed at this juncture , but we do intend to initiate another study , again with the drug companies , with a view to <unk> the cost .
<unk> arguments over missing licences or outstanding financial state payments mask the true political intentions : to silence his own people as much as possible .
Furthermore , it has never been proven that it is a better deterrent against crime than any other kind of penalty .
I would ask the Office and the College of Quaestors to tackle this issue .
The special theme in matters of employment during the Finnish Presidency has been , inter alia , the status of the aged .
.
The overall question is being examined by the Intergovernmental Conference , which is responsible for the revision of the Treaties .
‘ <unk> jobs for all ’ is the crucial tool for eradicating poverty .
.
A couple more examples : by adopting the concept of the safe third country , we in Germany have been able to reduce the number of asylum-seekers from some 450 000 to well under 100 000 .
Mrs <unk> has pointed out that we cannot force the television channels to broadcast women &apos;s sporting events .
<unk> as a new political concept to deal with working conditions , employment relations and the services of the social state .
That is why we need to harmonise the systems of controls and penalties in the Member States to guarantee the euro &apos;s credibility and security , even in the intermediate phase from 1999 to 2002 .
I think Slovakia is entitled to a second chance , a chance to sit the <unk> again .
<unk> entry requirements then made European firms substantially more competitive , and the creation of new instruments , among which I will mention only the European Patent Office , makes it very much easier for small and medium-sized enterprises in particular to gain access to the European market .
We must not focus on certain parameters and forget others which may have effects which are equally damaging to health .
The Council will ensure these matters are monitored .
I can therefore state that we are committed - as we have already said publicly - to continuing with the SLIM and <unk> initiatives and , above all , with the <unk> actions in favour of companies , bearing in mind that the Council has approved the report on information needs which are essential for economic and monetary union .
The information society also means setting up democracy and freedom .
As you said , Commissioner , this is not only about heritage ; this is not just about honouring D. <unk> <unk> , a twentieth century <unk> famous for <unk> <unk> &apos;s <unk> &apos; .
I congratulate the presidency of the Council on that result , specifically on the European Convention on <unk> , which will make it possible to fight terrorism effectively .
Mr President , Parliament originally gave me the job of preparing a report on the proposed Guidelines for Member States &apos; Employment Policies 2000 .
That is why , in order to avoid opening up new discussions which might risk breaking this fragile balance and might delay unduly , even postpone sine <unk> this directive , we have requested that it be adopted without amendment .
Such a legal document is certainly not available in the United Kingdom .
With regard to the civil <unk> industry , the French Members must be warned against the immediate consequences of transforming the <unk> <unk> into a single corporate entity .
This is a question that will undoubtedly occupy us in the coming months , and we do need clarification in this context .
<unk> the fortress of words and stop closing your minds to the knowledge that the fears , the concerns and the criticisms of millions and millions of people are right and your policy is not right .
The human suffering caused by the drugs problem and its links to crime in our communities concerns us all .
As a French socialist , I shall <unk> vote for it .
Furthermore , it can take a very long time for these gases to <unk> in the atmosphere .
It raises the key question as to whether we should continue to subsidise the cultivation of a plant , the main use of which is in the manufacture of a product recognised as being extremely harmful to human health .
( The sitting was suspended <unk> a. m. and resumed at 12 noon ) Research will be made subject to legal limitations , especially in areas in which social or <unk> interests might be given priority over the protection of the dignity and rights of individuals .
However , I am sorry to have to say that the results of the Di <unk> mission fall short of our expectations .
The proposal also guarantees a high level of protection for customers &apos; interests .
We hope that the partnership and cooperation agreement with Russia will soon be ratified so that we can also strengthen our relations with this very important country which is an active and fully <unk> member of the Council of Baltic Sea States .
If we move away from that we are lost in my view .
In my opinion , we should take every opportunity to protect against such intentions .
It is very important that small businesses around Europe be able to feel their way to different solutions in accordance with the principle of institutional competition .
In a <unk> or <unk> State Union , continuing on the basis of unanimous decision-making would have brought the end of the Union &apos;s ability to govern properly <unk> to the complexities of public opinion .
I am pleased to say that despite the <unk> political debates in Spain , the cooperation between the Spanish authorities and OLAF is apparently running smoothly and there is a great deal of determination to clear up the matter and bring those responsible to justice .
Some substantive additions and , in some cases , new guidelines aim at putting particular emphasis in 1999 on active measures : developing <unk> learning , making the labour market more open to all , fully exploiting the jobs potential of the services sector and better reconciling work and family life .
However , where support for <unk> airline companies is concerned , the Commission continues to be accommodating .
For this reason , history for instance , has been traditionally very highly <unk> by the state .
On behalf of the Liberal Democrat Group I should like to lay particular emphasis on our distress at the code of secrecy rather than the code of transparency normally promoted by the Council .
Mr President , as some colleagues may know , I live in <unk> at the heart of last year &apos;s foot and mouth outbreak .
But hold on a minute , my friends from the Commission and the Council , nothing came , first time around , of the tenth Directive concerning cross-border mergers of limited liability companies and involving the abolition of participation , and nothing will come of it this time !
Secondly , and in parallel , we must also commit ourselves to the development of those countries and therefore the fact that the European Parliament has not missed the opportunity in this report to promote the creation of a specific financial body for the Euro-Mediterranean area also seems to me to be worthy of praise .
However , we were unable to support the joint motion for a resolution because it undermines the cause of tolerance by <unk> listing specific incidents and specific events and organisations .
On 29 December , a number of rulings concerning <unk> , marriages and children etc .
were replaced by Sharia law in the otherwise secular state of Iraq .
What happens to Hong Kong is relevant to all the trading nations , including the European Union &apos;s Member States , whose trade with Hong Kong <unk> some 43 billion ECU in 1996 .
We want to cooperate to strengthen and improve European institutions still further .
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Friday , 14 April 2000 .
In order to meet the need to increase employment , training and skills in the field of tourism , our proposal is to set up a network of specialised training in tourism .
The scientists who study these phenomena come from many and varied sectors : <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , forestry experts and others .
However , taking money from Member States &apos; budgets and <unk> it through the EU &apos;s Structural Funds does not create new jobs , except possibly for those involved in the redistribution itself .
With this unanimously endorsed joint resolution the European Parliament is seeking to send a message to the Bulgarian people .
Our Heads of State and Government have simply stated that we cannot go on delaying the creation of a permanent framework for cooperation with NATO and that ad hoc or case-by-case solutions could lead to situations of stalemate similar to those we have already seen and would harm the Union at the least appropriate time , at the point of implementing , for the first time , a crisis management operation , seriously jeopardising its present and future prestige .
Yes , I really do think that we are on the right road , but we should be doing more than just showing that we are on the right road , we should be doing it in such a way that people can believe us .
As far as possible , we must leave it to the individual states to ensure the operation of the single market .
Mr President , the Lisbon European Council and the <unk> agenda adopted by the European Council at Nice bring us into a new phase of policy on social affairs and employment in the European Union .
Our Union needs a strong European public arm , funded by the public in order to fulfil the needs of Europeans .
This <unk> of a confusion of powers and goes against what old <unk> and old <unk> <unk> about the defence of democracy .
We believe that both camps must disarm .
The European Union must demonstrate more courage , more determination in this delicate matter , that is it needs to move from words to deeds , if only through the establishment of a European participation council , with the task of promoting the introduction of participation systems under comparable conditions throughout the Community .
The striking fact of 2003 was certainly that the Joint Parliamentary Assembly could return to a normal <unk> of work following the cancellation of the November 2002 session due to circumstances of which you are aware .
This point brings us , Mr President , to the <unk> and dangerous question of the principle of subsidiarity , which has also been <unk> to during this debate .
It took on shape and form , forms in which we work today , from which we benefit today , forms that enable me to represent Members of the Jewish faith , that make it possible for my group to include Muslim MEPs , for there to be in my group Members who have suffered , and those who have learned from those who suffered .
There seems to be a push coming from certain quarters that corporate social responsibility and consumer power should be the key tools in ensuring standards throughout the consumer chain .
I would , however , like to focus in particular on Mrs <unk> <unk> &apos;s report , for I feel that , as has already been said , the annual report is a genuinely important instrument which allows us all to follow up , assess and monitor the initiatives undertaken by the Union and the Member States and the coherence of these initiatives with the global legislation and strategy defined at Union level .
The only message we are sending out about ourselves is that it is not those who prosper , make a profit and create jobs who are held up as an example in the European Union , but those who live on credit and put off finding a solution to their countries ’ economic problems .
( The House gave its assent to the tabling of the oral amendment ) <unk> expansion is imminent and we need to have decent social conditions , but also fair conditions for competition , on our roads and in the <unk> industry .
Obviously it is not a question of the ECB receiving binding instructions from political bodies .
I should also like to comment on something <unk> Patten quite rightly said about the unity of the European Union .
I have voted against the Bullmann report because it <unk> advocates liberalisation and welcomes the Stability and Growth Pact and the result of the Doha Summit .
Some complaints have been made about this .
In a referendum held in 1992 , however , the people of Switzerland voted against this agreement , thus making it impossible for Switzerland to participate in the agreement on the EEA and with the result that Switzerland &apos; s application for European Union membership , submitted in May 1992 , was put on hold .
And sometimes one has the feeling that for Parliament it is the end of human society .
The gender dimension must be also taken into account in the education of and information for <unk> staff .
Perhaps you would like to justify the fact that the UK would pay into the EU 14 times more than France without the rebate , and , even with it , <unk> times the French contribution .
Commissioner , I should like to stick to my question if I may .
I thank you .
It is hard to accept without comment the statement by the Israeli Prime Minister that it is too early to negotiate .
Furthermore , in my opinion they realise that a unilateral declaration of independence on 4 May could provoke a reaction from the Israelis - as already announced - and that such a reaction would damage the peace process .
We support the proposal of the Commission .
In this year &apos; s recommendations we have taken particular account of the Commission &apos; s own analyses regarding what the margins are , and which benchmarks we are setting in each of the Member States to tackle the crisis without exceeding the 3 % public deficit , which is the figure we have established as a reference .
She highlights the fact that the Member States can use these as a matter of principle , in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity .
I can assure you that we will continue in this way .
That is what my report and my resolution <unk> to do .
This would facilitate the development of more effective ways of managing such flows .
My question specifically asked whether the Commission - not the President , but the Commission - felt threatened by the words of a Spanish MEP , a member of the People &apos;s Party , in which he said that , if the Socialists criticised Mrs de Palacio for her involvement in the flax scandal which took place in Spain when she was Minister for Agriculture , they would threaten to bring down the Commission .
You have granted us only five million .
I listened carefully to what the President-in-Office of the Council said , and of course all that is correct and we agree , but he proposed nothing specific .
Accordingly , we are also arguing for having representatives of the programmes join us here in Parliament , or at least in the Committees .
This may lead to Arab public opinion &apos; s being characterised by a growing sense that <unk> are enduring a war on two fronts : on the one hand , the United States against Iraq and , on the other hand , Israel against Palestine .
That is why , in this report , Parliament is calling on the Commission to assess the possibilities offered by modern technology .
I think that once the period of bureaucracy is over , not to mention fraud or nepotism , a very important new task and new responsibility will be to ensure that the Commissioners put in an appearance in this House and in our committees .
That is something emphasised by Commissioner <unk> .
No .
The basic question is this : does a single statute necessarily mean a single salary ?
At the same time , this result is the fruit of our hard work too .
This proposal should also deal , as appropriate , with electrical devices .
If that is what she meant - this is not the first time that Mrs Randzio-Plath and I have discussed this matter - then that is not a possibility for the Commission because , as Mrs Villiers and other Members of Parliament know , it does not agree with the comitology decision or with Article 202 .
Increased competition , associated with the globalisation of the market in fishery products , is a further problem .
We have also sought this Constitution in order that an enlarged EU should have the capacity for action .
Finally , I would like to thank Mrs Wemheuer for her Amendment No 1 which we in the Green Group are going to support .
This is something I consider to be important .
We express our condolences to all those Israeli and Palestinian families suffering as a result of this escalation of violence .
We are therefore against the topic of North Korea being removed from the list of topical and urgent matters for debate .
In my language , which is Dutch , there are two expressions which illustrate how smoking was viewed then .
Turkey does not recognise one of the Member States of the European Union – the Republic of Cyprus – and has been occupying it for 30 years !
<unk> data cannot be safeguarded if the safeguard does not correspond to established objectives and for a specific period of time , and neither can permission be granted to access those data except to the competent police and investigation authorities that have a right to access them by law .
Apart from needing to get used to considering them as not always incompatible if force is required to serve clear political objectives - and it is our responsibility to compel our respective governments to assume theirs , - I will state quite clearly that my preference is for a political response , because , firstly , it is our responsibility as parliamentarians ; because , next , I believe it to be better to appeal to people &apos;s intelligence rather than confining them in their fear and their <unk> ; because , finally , I believe in those words of Martin <unk> King , assassinated in April 1968 , which said that injustice anywhere threatens justice everywhere .
<unk> has often proven to lead to the weakest members of society being hit the hardest .
To put it plainly : there will always be net contributors and net beneficiaries , nobody disputes that .
However , we regret the fact that the Committee on Budgetary Control did not include our proposal stating that the OLAF director should be appointed jointly by the Council and the European Parliament , and we regret , too , that the need for a European Public Prosecutor has not been reiterated .
Mr President , you took a decision at the Conference of Presidents .
I should like to thank Mr <unk> Van Hecke for his kind words regarding our presidency , and I hope that we will be able to meet his expectations .
The European Investment Bank should also participate in financing .
Madam President , given the state of our seas , the Commissioner ’ s first priority should be to save the fish .
If countries , and their peoples , reject the production and import of genetically modified organisms or meat containing hormones , then that is a decision that the WTO will have to accept ; no trade regulation of any kind whatsoever must interfere with their sovereign right to take it .
In the circumstances I am sure that the majority of this House would agree that the vote last night , in an <unk> chamber ...
Here I take a quite different view from Mrs <unk> .
How can this be referred to the Committee of the Regions , given that that Committee is totally inadequate in terms of composition , power and functioning ?
That does not mean that the criminal organization has ceased to exist , it means it is becoming more <unk> and dangerous .
Funding them within the 20 % limit would prevent this situation and would ensure a quick negotiation by means of a transfer .
Mr President , I share your view .
I think that the negotiators should consider this admission as a warning .
He does have a certain freedom of choice , but ultimately we shall make the appropriate decision .
It is not compatible with the criteria of flexibility rather than rigidity , or the productivity criteria .
There was also a major concern about the question of the future of research and development .
The position of the Union will thereby grow within the financial and economic international organisations as will the need for defining the Union &apos;s participation in these organisations .
The idea of the Transatlantic <unk> is certainly a matter of very great importance , and so it would make sense if the EU / US Summit were to convene a group of experts to carry out , over the coming months , the studies that will be needed to enable us to get more involved in this project .
I should like to express my great appreciation of , and agreement with , the content of his report .
We are living in an era in which the agricultural budget is extremely tight .
Personally , I support the idea of promoting dedicated telephone lines , that is to say telephone lines that , by means of a <unk> interpreting service , can offer immediate assistance in as many foreign languages as possible .
On the other hand , we should <unk> from seeing aid policy only through <unk> <unk> by ideology , and from engaging in it from one ideological standpoint or another .
It requires businesses that can turn sustainability into a <unk> , businesses that realise that citizens and consumers are worried about the future of the planet and are prepared to make their contribution .
They should be judged in the context of the proposal concerning the set-aside rate .
This being so , we in the Committee on Regional Policy and Transport wish to give our unconditional support to the amendments , also backed by the Committee on Budgets , which are designed to rectify this situation somewhat .
This leads me to mention dialogue with Islam .
I think that is a line that is strong but fair and beyond criticism .
Mr President , what a pity that the honourable Member had to make his maiden speech at midnight before an empty Chamber .
However , the European Parliament will be reinforced politically by the Treaty resulting from this Intergovernmental Conference .
With the objective of preparing for this conference , from 18 to 22 February we led a mission to countries in the Maghreb and , as a result of this , all the necessary preparations have more or less been made to deal with issues in the three great political , economic and <unk> spheres , with the aim of reaching specific agreements at the Valencia Conference .
There are endless things I would like to share with you on this first day of February 2006 , a year which has begun with some truly <unk> activity , which is going to make us all <unk> and which must make us work with an energy , a capacity and a dedication that we have rarely seen in the European Union .
But we should only consider using this clause if there is a fundamental deterioration .
Later she accepted it .
I would like to raise three issues about this .
The discussions that have now begun in the USA are welcome .
It is in this spirit that it has studied the amendments adopted by the appropriate Parliamentary committee and I am happy to inform you that we can take some of your concerns into account in the amended text that will be submitted to the Council for adoption of a final decision .
In other words , structurally , the document is not integrated .
This means that the agreement is simply a basis that can be built upon in the future .
He has also pointed out that he has been working with us since 9.00 a. m . We are totally opposed to this .
The European Commission and national governments should also apply other instruments to maintain the <unk> chain .
This is the reason why I insist on this Amendment No 10 , which I hope will be voted through .
I am convinced that your very good results reflected the dissatisfaction in this House with the procedure that was chosen , namely for the big <unk> to negotiate prior to the election of the President and to regard the smaller groups as basically <unk> .
Mr President , the Spring Council will no doubt be dominated by the mid-term review of the Lisbon Agenda .
I do not deny that by any means .
Let me give you the Council &apos; s interpretation of your question , and its answer .
Alas , this is not the case with human life .
Over and above that , we want enlargement to come about under conditions acceptable to all sides .
This is all very well .
<unk> should above all be given to innovative activities such as the information <unk> that I have already mentioned , which could be used more widely .
Upon hearing the news of the failure of the Summit in Cancún , a journalist from a <unk> Italian newspaper asked me a <unk> , maybe too frank question .
Ireland &apos;s presidency will be taking place at a time of deep global insecurity .
The regulations on the legal status of the euro , the finishing touches to the stability pact and a decision on a new European Monetary System are all matters which call for confidence and unanimity .
We also support Russia ’ s offer of uranium enrichment for civil purposes outside Iran .
Those reflections will assist the presidency in drawing conclusions on the current situation in Cuba and on how we should respond to the various events there .
I welcome a number of suggestions in the De <unk> report which go in this direction .
Mr President , I am pleased to support this initiative on behalf of the European Free Alliance / Green Group in Parliament .
We feel it is important to retain the Danish model , which ensures that trade unions have substantial influence through the collective agreements that are negotiated , unlike the EU system , which is based on <unk> dictated individual rights laid down by law .
I should also like to congratulate the Commission , for it has put us on the right track with a very sound proposal .
I can in fact confirm that last week , in accordance with the General Secretariat of the Commission , following up Mr Fabra Vallés &apos;s recommendations , we have issued a formal demand for payment in connection with these companies &apos; contracts .
We could obviously provide technical assistance with this preparatory work , but I am sure this is one of the factors that will be taken into account in the review of the implementing rules which I mentioned earlier .
We also need a more rational analysis of the use of antibiotics and growth promoters in animal feedingstuffs .
.
In this regard , he also said that he would make provision for , and I quote , &apos; an independent European Food and Drugs Agency &apos; .
Madam President , on behalf of the Pensioners &apos; Party , which is part of the Group of the European People &apos; s Party , I voted for the Sterckx report on the regulation of the European airline industry .
We cannot have a situation in the future in which Commission documents come to this House , and then , while Parliament is doing its work , new documents , new agreements are developed , about which Parliament is not informed , so that we carry on working on the old basis and then have to start all over again .
Neither will I say anything about the Constitution , the ratification of which , I do of course hope , along with many fellow Members here , will really be brought on track .
Social cohesion can only be achieved if there is a coherent social infrastructure .
We express our sympathy with the victims of that violence .
That said , many speakers have reiterated that we are satisfied with the finished product .
But firstly I want to talk to Members in this House to try to develop , mobilise and motivate a majority for change .
The Czech Minister of Justice has stated quite clearly that she has not been able to implement much European law so far , and the little she has been able to implement in her country could not be applied by civil servants because they had not been trained to do it .
These include , for example , Article 5 of the Treaty , and I quote Article 5 ( 2 ) of the Treaty which says that Member States <unk> shall abstain from any measure which could <unk> the attainment of the objectives of this Treaty &apos; .
Often there are no unequivocal conclusions about whether or not that is the case .
Moreover , the monitoring mission recently showed its value when it was deployed in <unk> <unk> .
Certainly , this agreement must not give the authorities free <unk> .
It may , on occasion , be <unk> , but this is our task .
It is also pleased that in Spring 2004 a new funding framework was established for Bulgaria and that the Commission has adopted a consistent approach by restricting the aid package to a period of three years from the accession of Bulgaria in 2007 so that we can adapt it to any future reforms of policies which may be necessary as a result of the new financial perspectives .
We would agree if the Commission had take account of the principle of Community preference and complied with its commitments to ACP countries as part of the Fourth Lomé Convention .
I am thinking of the association between commercial operators , medium-sized and small in particular , of a better relationship between wholesale and retail , of the way the branded goods industry operates , of the general role of industrial and agricultural production , of the synergy with tourism and services , of the developing technology , of the spread of electronic commerce , of the international context and the importance of trading companies , of the recovery of historic centres with more appropriate town planning , of environmental protection - also through more efficient packaging and logistics systems - of direct sales , of fair and reliable commerce , of the growth in new and modern forms of commercial , <unk> , mail order sales and so on .
At the time Parliament therefore introduced some amendments with the aim , on the one hand , of guaranteeing the possibility of conducting customs procedures by means of <unk> declarations , but without this <unk> opening up the back door to fraud .
I should like to point out that , while it awaits the findings of the maritime transport study , the Commission is drawing up a report , to be ready by the summer , which will respond to the interinstitutional statement on the regulation on implementing common rules in the field of civil aviation security , as well as to the regulation on enhancing ship and port facility security .
However , I should say that , generally speaking , when honourable members comply with the Rules of Procedure - as they usually do - <unk> over a sitting is not a <unk> , but a pleasure .
BSE became a <unk> disease throughout the Community under Decision 90 / 130 / EEC , in the context of Council Directive 89 / <unk> .
I wonder whether it is only violent contents that actually bring profits when there are so many important things in life that could be communicated to young people in an interesting and informative way , and which at the same time could contribute to a better society and to better relations between people .
We have found – Mr <unk> <unk> has done so in one of his documents – that the flow of workers between the new Member States and those old Member States that now permit it is not so great that it is likely to distort the working conditions and internal labour market of those countries , which also include Ireland .
The policy adopted by the European Union until now , in other words the policy of critical dialogue , however correct as a theoretical concept , has brought no results but rather , the opposite .
It is a <unk> of issues , problems and lists which mean everything and nothing .
Leaving <unk> aside , Madam President , I believe that today history is being made in the present tense and , in this historic present we are living through , the European Union is emerging as one of the main players .
However , what emerges most clearly now is the huge problem of the <unk> of all categories of spending : in rural development , in the Structural Funds , in the major external aid programmes .
This was done at various meetings held by a highly diverse group of committees in the course of April .
It would also <unk> upon social security laws and in particular upon the wide variety of Member States &apos; supplementary social security systems .
However we must take action to ensure that the level of income , and thus the standard of living of those employed in the agricultural sector does not get any worse .
<unk> The losers are the EU , NATO , the UN and relations with the United States , which are being considerably weakened .
It goes without saying that when major interests are at stake in the supply of energy , the proposals must also be well considered .
All of this is a crystal-clear abuse of an exclusive and dominant position reinforced by government actions and a situation which requires the European Commission to ask exactly what is going on .
I am saying it because I believe the information society provides some answers to problems of this kind .
We accordingly support measures aimed at achieving this objective and therefore voted in favour of most of the rapporteur ’ s proposals .
I need hardly add that this is a source of great concern to the new Member States , including Poland .
Mr President , Commissioner , the Commission proposal has the basic objective of encouraging cooperation between the Member States in terms of analysis , research and monitoring of employment policy , determining best practices and promoting the exchange and transfer of information and experiences .
Ladies and gentlemen , Mr President , firstly , please allow me to congratulate the Austrian Presidency and Mr <unk> Schüssel , the President , for their work and the results achieved in the past six months .
We therefore have one last chance to take radical and urgent measures which will allow the objectives of the European treaties to be met – objectives which go back to Rome and 1956 – in which Europe , the Union , set itself the goal of achieving integration of national transport networks at European level , making them <unk> technically and economically and liberalising access to them ; an objective devised as a physical prerequisite for the development of Europe , either as a market or a political entity .
We are not discussing a new common organisation of the market in pigmeat .
Similarly , and I address myself to the President-in-Office of the Council and Austrian Minister , Mrs <unk> , I wonder why there should be this list of 32 crimes and why we do not simplify the entire process by saying that all offences punished by over three years in prison are subject to this arrangement .
I expect specific proposals from the Commission at the earliest possible date .
We believe that if we get what the Council wants , we will find it complicated to regulate matters at national level and will end up with a <unk> environment policy .
Mr President , the sole merit of this report is that it calls attention to the disastrous demographic situation in the European Union .
I wonder whether I could just ask the Commissioner to confirm that at the end of 1996 the programme we are talking about had not been adopted by the Council of Ministers but that it was nevertheless decided in the Commission to finance twelve projects under the programme which had not been adopted .
On the speed problem , there has been a <unk> on asylum policy under the Danish presidency .
People say that floods happen and they cannot be controlled .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 2005 ) by Mrs <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on Internal Market and Consumer Protection , on the internal market in the new Member States : situation , opportunities and lessons to be learnt .
He has recognised the Nepalese constitution and is continuing in his <unk> &apos;s <unk> on the path towards democracy and the rule of law .
There is also a significant psychological dimension involved .
For some , this report means the end of the Parliamentary debate on the matter of the <unk> &apos; .
It creates a conflict in the political situation , in the political negotiations connected with accession .
The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolution : Article 21 of the Treaty on European Union provides that the presidency shall consult the European Parliament on key issues and fundamental decisions with regard to the common foreign and security policy , and ensure that account is duly taken of the views of the European Parliament .
My intention is to analyse the work that has been undertaken by my services , to determine what further work can be done . &apos;
The circus is a special entertainment for adults .
Because , as a German author says , progress is a <unk> , but it moves , and it moves forward .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I am very pleased that we are having this debate today , because there is of course a need to clarify a number of points in connection with the report on occupational retirement provision , the second pillar .
- ( PT ) Despite the great debate and our proposals for improving the content of the report , which were partly successful , there are still various contradictions in the report .
Things like that do not happen all the time .
In this respect , support for elections and increasing institutional capacity at the different levels of decision-making and administration are essential .
This is why the WHO recommends keeping the acceptable daily <unk> at <unk> <unk> per <unk> of body weight .
Subject : <unk> by EC Commissioner in British elections Last week I accompanied my own daughter to her first day of school .
In the first place , aid granted to the countries of the Western Balkans needs to be linked to support .
According to our estimates , some 400 000 jobs throughout the Union depend on it .
Has it now been resolved that this is how matters are to be handled ?
It is a matter of certainty that the Council will take on its share of responsibility , which it has no intention of <unk> .
Allow me to highlight a few .
They need modernising .
I do not know whether that tells us anything .
Amendment 29 , Article 24 ( 1 ) .
As such , I welcome the conclusion reached by the Committee on Budgets , pursuant to which there will be no introduction of compulsory personal insurance for the purpose of evening out fluctuations in the pig prices .
A political crime will have been committed in the name of criteria ratified by the parliaments of the various countries if the euro is introduced prematurely , before the correct economic preconditions are in place .
The setting up of the Convention represented a major step towards a more democratic Europe , insofar as the process breaks with the intergovernmental approach .
This kind of cooperation based on trust has been most gratifying , even though it took up a great deal of our time , sometimes into the night .
It is also important , however , that this is not done at the cost of <unk> national languages .
I should like , of course , to clarify something that to me seems obvious , but which bears repeating , and that is that these Council reforms only refer to internal reforms , to internal organisation , and that in no case does the Council intend to address issues that require a reform of primary law , because this , of course , is a matter for the Intergovernmental Conference and for the European Convention preparing the Intergovernmental Conference .
We have estimated that some 250 million euros would be saved in the supply of coin <unk> due to the lower cost of <unk> steel <unk> compared with <unk> ones .
The Commission estimates that almost <unk> women die in Europe every year due to violence in their partnerships .
I therefore wish to emphasise the urgency of introducing a bold policy with regard to areas to the south and east of the European Union .
Whatever solution is chosen , it must not under any circumstances anticipate the pending reform .
People living by the sea who frequently eat fish already have in their tissues concentrations of mercury in excess of the permissible threshold values .
However , a similar gap is now forming in the area of the transposition of Community directives and decisions into Member States &apos; law .
If there is no referendum , it cannot be a constitution .
The EIB &apos;s Amsterdam special action programme of ECU <unk> to finance special action is also under way .
We must cooperate internationally , and this should include UN initiatives .
Next , the Union has begun to implement the Feira decisions on the new economy and growth .
Thanks are therefore due to Mr Ferber , Mrs <unk> , Mrs <unk> , Mr Seppänen , Mr <unk> and to Mr Walter , Mr Böge and Mr Mulder , the <unk> .
<unk> of taxation at a high level within the European Union .
The number of deaths is rising at an alarming rate .
The Commission is prepared to conduct an in-depth investigation of the alleged abuse of a dominant position in the European Union ’ s fish production as and when evidence of such abuse is produced .
The progress made at the December Council meeting gives grounds for hope that the work will soon be concluded , which I regard as a matter of urgency .
The fact is that it is not sufficient to ensure that the tariffs laid down include relatively abstract efficiency incentives .
When I find myself <unk> with the honourable lady , my initial reaction is that I must be wrong .
The vote will be taken tomorrow at 12 noon .
Any European government that <unk> on the issue going away has not <unk> on the will of this House .
We now have EUR 25 million over the EUR <unk> million , so what we could discuss at the trialogue and conciliation is how to take EUR 25 million away from Kosovo , to give it to - let us say - MEDA .
As a matter of principle , this is scandalous enough .
If I say two female politicians , however , then I must also say that these are two women who have been elected .
I maintain that the guardian of the people of the European Union is the Parliament .
Is the Commission contemplating , if they continue to <unk> , removing <unk> - at least temporarily - from Annex 1 of the bird protection Directive ?
The President-in-Office will be aware that at the Commonwealth Conference the foreign ministers agreed that if the promised return to civilian rule in Nigeria was not credible , then a mandatory oil embargo , a ban on airlines , an arms embargo and a <unk> of financial assets would take place .
However , it should also be said that where there is maladministration , inappropriate behaviour or crime within the European Union , we must act decisively against this and bring about changes .
We have always known that this conflict , so long and painful , would , at its end , have neither <unk> nor <unk> .
I hope that the rapporteur - who has done an excellent job , although the time frames and the deadline for tabling amendments were a question of &quot; <unk> and you <unk> missed it &quot; - will , together with Commissioner Busquin , accept one of my requests , which is aimed specifically at avoiding the brain drain from Europe to the United States of America and other competitive countries .
The various political groupings , individuals and non-governmental organisations , <unk> and public servants are called upon to work together towards a common goal , namely the viable sustainable development of our country , within the framework of strict observance of the Rule of Law .
There is one area in which it would be as well to maintain our efforts : that of flags of convenience because , in my view , as long as it is possible , through a lawyer covering for an anonymous and <unk> owner , to register a ship in <unk> for USD 1 500 , and to do so with complete discretion , threats will continue to hang over sailors and the environment .
Let me start by telling you that I think this last European Council confirmed that we are really moving forward in Europe .
Recently , this chamber received a visit from the family of <unk> Miguel Angel Blanco , whose murder by ETA last July filled the <unk> and towns throughout Europe with great expressions of horror and support for peace .
You have to follow a very <unk> act on the part of my very good colleague Klaus Hänsch .
All this shows that the right pressure for competition and a push for innovation also <unk> productivity growth , which is a major benefit for the whole sector .
Mr Watson is right .
The debate is closed .
Still on the subject of internal security , Russia had asked us to examine a new visa waiver scheme for short visits .
The accident involving the oil tanker Erika has had such a huge economic and ecological impact that this is the second time we have dealt with this issue in the space of a few weeks , and rightly so .
They are currently being ratified by the two parliaments .
These two elements , the clash between the two value systems , and the position of President Bush and his visit to Europe this week , are not mentioned in the Minutes in this connection .
Training has to be considered to be an investment and not a running cost .
Women in particular are affected by atypical jobs , insecure employment , etc .
We will pay particular attention at the Commission to ensuring that it takes effective action to promote the rights of children .
This Commission wants to <unk> us with a non-European country like Turkey .
This thought should guide us when we vote tomorrow .
The Garriga Polledo report deals with cases under Member State responsibility in which a failure to enforce Community legislation on securities and guarantees <unk> the Community &apos; s interests .
Public services have the possibility , if we continue to use them positively , to <unk> new dynamic , <unk> industries and build new sectors of the mixed economy , which will generate new jobs .
The PSE Group will not , at any event , accept a pensions <unk> .
Madam President .
What he is talking about is an <unk> from the Labour Party that no Member of this House may discuss with the press the electoral mechanisms in the United Kingdom .
Mrs <unk> said that the title was misleading .
In the present instance that may lead to a timely review of the <unk> reduction in all budget items under heading 1 , which Parliament considered undesirable but which was accepted in the dialogue between the three institutions .
This report proposes a range of measures relating to education and the training of teachers and <unk> , codes of conduct and information on illegal or suspicious activities on the network .
We must also prevent this provision , as Mr Whitehead said earlier , from leading to the regulation of all intellectual property rights , in the area of patents , for example , which is why we reject some of the amendments .
I do not wish to return to the issue of whether it was right or wrong for you to appear in an <unk> for the <unk> in Portugal .
It would be a mistake for the legislator , out of the desire to give the green light to this technique , to <unk> his responsibility to pass tough legislation , for many years to come , which , in a field that <unk> at such speed , is all the more necessary .
Is this a crime against human rights ?
So much the better , you might think , for we would already be at <unk> , but allow me to disagree .
Although it is added in levels that seem small , it <unk> in our bodies over time .
We therefore demand a rethink , firstly of the legal basis for the aid provided by the Union and , secondly , of the way in which we are actually to use those resources which have traditionally been allocated within the sphere of foreign policy but which belong , rather , under the first pillar and Category 4 .
The overall fishing effort must be controlled as well as fleet size so as to correspond to the resources available .
It would be wrong to <unk> these new developments , since in many parts of the world they are already being used <unk> .
( Parliament approved the Minutes ) Honourable Members , we must never forget that the European Union was constructed in order to prevent a <unk> of the racist atrocities which we lived through 60 years ago .
Our third main objective is the creation of a European area of freedom , security and justice , in other words the implementation of the Tampere conclusions .
The immediate aims of the Marco Polo Programme are improving the environmental performance of the freight transport system and also reducing road congestion in albeit a relatively small way .
There are many new challenges facing us on how we will run the Community spending from the year 2000 on .
We now hope that through the individual projects we shall gain experience and knowledge which can also be of benefit to others .
I would , though , like to sound a clear warning that we may be improving the law on the award of public contracts in technical terms and making it more manageable , but at the same time causing its substance to <unk> .
As the author is not present , Question No 5 lapses .
You have to be careful with <unk> like this .
A final remark to emphasise that this year the interim evaluation of the Structural Funds for the 2000-2006 period will take place .
I repeat that , even if we are surprised by these numbers , there is no evidence at this stage that the Eurodac Regulation has been incorrectly applied .
Rather , it is in the running for the title of world &apos; s largest <unk> , for it is designed to give the world &apos; s largest trading block a single currency built upon a foundation which , until the introduction of this currency , it had only been possible to hold in place for a period of five post-war years in Germany .
It supports the participation of long-standing immigrants in local elections .
Some of these amendments , namely Amendments Nos 1 and 3 , add an explicit reference to the action plan for mobility as a new legal act covering the area of mobility .
Small and medium-sized enterprises are active in these <unk> regional markets , where they account for the bulk of Europe ’ s economic potential .
The debate is closed .
I appreciate it when the Commission and the Council keep on <unk> their obligation to insist on adherence to the Treaties , but I ask them to acknowledge that we in this House have to insist on the principles of democracy being guaranteed by the legislators &apos; participation in the process of drafting laws .
It is another world .
We need to get a few things straight .
We have , however , encountered great difficulties with regard to the free movement of services and workers .
It is against that background that we are pleased to hear that the Commission recognises that the times are changing .
I venture to describe this report , in a word , as historic , because it is the first report submitted to the European Parliament by the first European Ombudsman .
EU citizenship could provide an important tool for explaining to European citizens what EU membership means .
I wish to put on record that many of us in this House find it unacceptable that the Commission refuses to accept , for technical reasons , an amendment which is a clear expression of the political will of Parliament .
This is extremely important in consolidating the European democratic institutions .
We have voted against this resolution to affirm our opposition not only to a common European army but to national armies as well .
I voted in favour of the <unk> report ( <unk> / 2005 ) on the implementation of the deployment and commercial operating phases of the European programme of satellite <unk> .
This commitment was reiterated at the recent Euro-Mediterranean ministerial meeting in The Hague on 29 and 30 November 2004 , which confirmed the <unk> of the Barcelona Process , backed up by the European neighbourhood policy for the Mediterranean .
The point was made very strongly there by representatives of the radio industry that digital radio is one sector of media communication that is not developing as quickly and as effectively as it might do , and the feeling was that political backing was lacking .
The Commission is looking into these matters and will contact the Member States concerned in accordance with its role as guardian of the Treaties .
By becoming users of the American GPS , we are therefore making ourselves highly dependent on the Americans and on their willingness to provide us with more or less comprehensive signal transmission .
No .
We have waited for 25 years for this opportunity for <unk> to come about , whereas it took only 25 months to put directives about the internal market into effect .
The massacre of around 22 000 Polish citizens and prisoners of war in <unk> , and in other camps and prisons in the Soviet Union in the spring of <unk> , has become a symbol of the latter .
I fully support the demands expressed in the report for a more effective dialogue at all levels .
We need to reconsider how this aid can best contribute to the creation of lasting jobs , while still safeguarding fair competition .
And the European Union would do well to bear in mind certain official statements from Moscow .
As I see it , the Stability Pact - and this is Mr <unk> &apos;s intention in his role as Special <unk> - needs to become more focused , with a reduced role and tasks being increasingly transferred to the Commission .
<unk> economies from competition does not make them competitive .
We want to see CAP reform being discussed .
Secondly , I want to turn to something that the Irish Prime Minister , Mr <unk> , said about the role of government in trying to create jobs and boost the economy .
As far as the Commission &apos;s attitude is concerned , I have the impression that the Commission has made every effort to accommodate the many questions asked by Parliament within a very short space of time .
Mr President , it cannot be denied that Turkey has made progress in fulfilling the political criteria for accession ; consequently , the prospect of opening negotiations has come even closer .
<unk> the barriers to trade on products from developing countries on the part of the EU has not <unk> improved the situation in third countries , although the EU is the largest export market for agricultural products from the developing countries .
That applies , for example , in the case of <unk> <unk> .
<unk> have been tried elsewhere , they have been controversial and were not successful in achieving economic objectives .
There is a series of <unk> causes that fuel the political <unk> , which in turn risks <unk> positions and <unk> the efforts of men of goodwill who on both sides are trying to <unk> the situation so that dialogue may resume .
Much more than that , they provide us with the finished fish product .
Very good , I believe that Mr MacCormick has received the reply he wanted .
How is it run and by whom ?
The definition of a few basic principles aimed to improve international cooperation - but which also has major consequences at judicial level - must be in keeping with the preventive opinion of our Parliament &apos;s Committee on Legal Affairs , even if the amendments tabled by Mrs Palacio seek to deal with this shortcoming .
In view of recent repeated disasters resulting from the <unk> of certain aircraft , it is essential that we act to identify them and ban them from flying .
Would you order an investigation into the events surrounding today and find out why it was so difficult for the <unk> <unk> to gain access to this building .
I can assure you that , in the case of Ukraine , the Commission is ready to go far .
<unk> <unk> .
The debate is closed .
For example , the Commission is proposing the following <unk> fields on the supply side to be included in the encouragement of local development and employment initiatives : home help , child care , local shops and <unk> , assistance for and integration of young people facing difficulties , better housing , security , local public transport services , <unk> of public facilities in urban areas , tourism , audiovisual services , cultural heritage , local cultural development , waste management , water services , protection and maintenance of natural areas , monitoring of quality standards , pollution control and the requisite installations , new information and communication technologies .
To date , and particularly in the so-called <unk> , there is a clear evidence of progress being made : the incorporation of a social protocol into the Treaty proper , the creation of the employment chapter , sensible extension of qualified majority voting , tougher provisions against fraud , the commitment to extend co-decision powers with Parliament , more practical arrangements for CFSP and recognition of the anti-discrimination issue as the hallmark of a democratic , free society .
If , at this stage , nothing changes , we urge the Member States to make use of <unk> to ensure that tax and budget experts and economists take a seat on the Economic and Financial Committee .
And , thirdly , there are the responsibilities of the Commission , mainly its <unk> of the BSE crisis , which is closely linked to Commissioner <unk> , and in which the stability of the beef market was given priority over the protection of human health , and a clear policy of <unk> and <unk> was conducted .
There is no alternative .
In any case , in my dream , I was having <unk> with her , and she said to me : &quot; Look , Mr Fatuzzo , I have succeeded in having the Italian law abolished which prevents people with disabilities who are over 65 years old receiving a disability allowance .
If , however , Parliament called for all rail networks to be opened up as of 2008 two years ago , it must stay on this course .
Naturally , Europe must remember its undertaking to maintain and preserve the integrity of the Statute as well as the contents of the declaration of 30 September 2002 .
The proviso is established that ‘ standard clauses ’ laid down jointly by the Commission and the Member States must be incorporated in any agreements concluded .
There are many uncertainties surrounding the use of genetically modified organisms , and there is good reason for being very careful .
I should therefore like to know whether any amendments have been made to the proposal for a convention which will affect the age limit for persons registered or which will ensure that the data on the register are deleted when the registered person has obtained a residence permit in a Member State .
It suggests some new areas for Agency action and , broadly speaking , is in favour of further increased cooperation between the Agency itself and third countries , particularly those in central and eastern Europe .
However , the report talks about an economic and social crisis as if that were the heart of the matter .
We women refuse to be paralysed or divided by these fears .
On the other hand , the damage this would cause at institutional level would be severe and , quite frankly , unacceptable .
Implementation is always the most important test and will depend very much on the partner countries ’ political will and on our capacity , but also their capacity , to implement the commitments taken in the action plans .
The Commission cannot agree to Amendments 35 , 36 , 38 or 41 with regard to <unk> as the general system .
<unk> that it flows well demands cooperation between the Member States , and this has already been achieved .
Similarly , I do not agree with Amendment No 4 , which was rejected and which eliminated what is known as <unk> risk &apos; , nor , finally , with Amendment No 7 , which aimed to eliminate the limitation period of 10 years from the date on which the product is put on the market .
I would say the first requirement is for a positive assessment of many of the developments already achieved in this five-year period .
In the Swedish referendum on EU membership in 1994 , all the political parties campaigning for Swedish membership of the EU <unk> that marriage legislation and issues relating to <unk> and abortion did not come within the decision-making competence of the EU .
<unk> would not have worked in the UK situation .
The debate has started and your opinion on the explanations of vote will also certainly be of value in due course .
I would therefore like to conclude by thanking Mrs Fraisse and the Commission for the interest they have shown in this issue .
Thirdly , nor are these regions explicitly guaranteed the right to participate in Councils of Ministers which deal with matters falling within their competence , leaving this capacity to <unk> to the respective governments whose lack of political will in relation to this issue is , in the majority of cases , including Spain , notorious .
In actual fact , it is the other refugees , namely those outside the quota and those not covered by UN aid , who need aid the most .
Secondly , we need to consider <unk> and maritime transport .
The European position cannot amount to ‘ Gaza first and last ’ ; we have to take a more progressive line here .
Why , for example , do our Member States , when dealing with immigration and asylum , not show a very emphatic red card to the illegal trade in human beings ?
It responds late and <unk> .
Such greater efficiency would be possible if all EU decisions were , in actual fact , also to become a reality .
I believe , however , that we will only be able to achieve the desired objectives by means of a legally binding convention which includes civil , political , economic , social and cultural rights suited to the circumstances of disabled people .
The Commission has suggested that the present COM should only be extended by two years , after which it will be thoroughly revised .
Mr President , this is somewhat earlier than expected , for which I am grateful to you .
I am also pleased that my fellow Members reacted favourably to my proposal seeking to prohibit the introduction of products destined for <unk> <unk> or the <unk> of ships from countries not authorised to export to the EU .
Furthermore , this position received majority support in the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .
As you know , we have had several timetabling problems and <unk> today and not only today but also in the run up to the debate of these four reports .
The exclusion of the world-famous <unk> <unk> <unk> from an <unk> club at the <unk> <unk> in Barcelona cannot be <unk> as an internal affair at the <unk> and is certainly a violation of the principle of sexual equality and Community legislation .
Mr President , instead of protecting the citizen ’ s rights and his private sphere , the confidentiality of data relating to telephone and media use is being more and more undermined , and this is of course done always and only in the service of the noble cause of counter-terrorism .
Workers in my own country at <unk> / <unk> , <unk> &amp; <unk> , in <unk> , at <unk> and <unk> - the list is endless - would all benefit from this directive .
It is also in Russia ’ s own interests that it should be aware of the fact that it needs our technology , our know-how and our money , and that it should therefore work at building up a relationship of equality where energy policy is concerned .
The creation of an arbitration body of this kind to which matters can be referred by both players and clubs should resolve disputes fairly , quickly and efficiently .
We must get it right and I am confident that we can .
There has been a legal judgement , a government decree , which has been communicated to us and I believe it falls to the European Parliament to take note of it in accordance with the Treaties and with parliamentary law .
The decision stipulates that the public register of Council documents shall also include references to the document number and the subject matter of classified documents , with the exception of cases where <unk> of this information could undermine protection of the public interest , protection of the individual and of privacy , protection of commercial and industrial secrecy , protection of the Community &apos;s financial interests , and / or protection of confidentiality as requested by the natural or legal person who supplied any of the information contained in the document or as required by the legislation of the Member State which supplied any of that information .
It is also very appropriate that the report asks that the programme pay particular attention to certain groups of women , such as refugees , <unk> , women living in poverty , disabled women and elderly women , as groups exposed to a greater risk of violence .
This pyramid must be respected in a number of ways .
Unfortunately it is still too often thought that employment is linked solely to economic growth .
In the Commission &apos;s view , the resolution before Parliament today shows an understanding of the position outlined in its report of 13 November 1997 on reduced rates of VAT .
The intention is to modify the common text and that requires a qualified majority .
Mr President , Commissioner , I would firstly like to thank the rapporteur for his efforts and praise the important work of the institutions in their approach to animal health which also , of course , facilitates the protection of human health .
Europe must <unk> long-term strategies and sufficient resources to invest in its future .
I also know that my successor will follow this path , because it is important that Parliament support Mr <unk> on this matter , as it has always supported me .
This article is cumbersome and calls for unanimity in the Council .
We need urgently to concentrate on the public health considerations and what the position is there .
In eastern Europe , the creation of national currencies in Estonia , Slovakia and Slovenia or in other countries was experienced at the time as a liberation .
In dialogue with the Socialist Group , Mr Barroso drew attention to other European prime ministers who had also supported the American policy ; it is of course relevant when assessing a candidate that politicians once pursued a policy , but his former <unk> ministers are not standing as president of the European Commission .
We are Europeans , in other words we believe in the <unk> of debate and conviction , in the <unk> of humiliation and in the need to allow everyone their place on the international scene , and we believe , above all , in international law .
I agree with you , Mrs Wallström , that it is absolutely vital not just to wait and to fight for the Constitution and for better funding , but also to take action now .
Competition between the regions will certainly strengthen rather than weaken the European Union .
What makes the Davos meeting so important and so useful is that it brings these very people together .
Since the last Annual Report the Court has adopted eighteen Special <unk> to be taken into account in the discharge procedure , containing the results of audits which focus on a wide range of specific areas in which the Community &apos; s financial management can be improved .
What is to be done ?
If , moreover , the port workers are to be given help , we can give it them by voting against this bad document from the conciliation committee .
We need a more independent investigation process .
Consumers must participate in prevention .
If it does not it should take immediate measures .
For historical and cultural reasons there has been a common bond between the United States and Europe , particularly where there was a common <unk> to fight or a common objective to pursue .
The EU should draft a research agenda and identify all the gaps .
A euro , as strong as it is , will require , whatever anyone says , gradual increases in interest rates .
On the one hand , I would and should recommend , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism too , that the Commission be <unk> due to the satisfactory take-up rate of the budget lines which affect us , despite numerous critical comments .
Regarding health claims , will consumers carry out <unk> tests in at home to see whether a specific product <unk> <unk> ?
It is in all those regards and I think that is what the Member has in mind clearly a much better approach than that which preceded it .
It is also unacceptable that attempts are being made to make more rapid progress on Community policies in the field of immigration and asylum that are even more restrictive than current legislation in some Member States .
This is a crucial choice of society which is fundamental to European identity .
Let me again underline what Mr Turmes has just said , that the internal market in energy must be subject to Treaty competition law and must be evaluated by reference to it .
It <unk> itself in a wide spectrum of actions , from <unk> speech and incitement against those who are different to calls for discrimination against individuals and actual inequality in legislation .
The vast majority will have their <unk> located on the so-called European <unk> .
Four years on , in 1997 , they succeeded in including in the Amsterdam proposal , through the <unk> means of the protocol on subsidiarity , a clear guarantee of the authority of the Court of Justice : the application of the principle of subsidiarity does not infringe on the principles clarified by the Court of Justice regarding the relationship between national law and Community law , it said , as if these principles were already well established , as if they went without saying , and as if there were no question about them .
In spite of this , we know that many women in Europe are at present exposed to sexual harassment on a daily basis .
You must be aware that our parliamentary delegation entered these towns <unk> , using <unk> <unk> tracks , through <unk> and building sites , to hide from <unk> , <unk> of soldiers .
The Swedish Social Democrats in the European Parliament consider that the postal market within the EU should be opened up to competition .
I understand the situation with China very clearly and I would accept your position , but one of the things that we are trying to do in the Western world at the moment is make poverty history .
<unk> to Rule 108 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure , I have received one motion for a resolution ( 1 ) .
This should be visible as a clear area of emphasis in the Framework Programme for Research and the EU ’ s future Framework Programme for Competitiveness and <unk> .
Madam President , I would ask , pursuant to Rule 130 Paragraph 3 of the Rules of Procedure , that of the three amendments on the table the committee &apos;s amendment be put to the vote first : a split vote has been requested here and I would ask that this request be taken into account .
The technical specifications that the materials need to satisfy are complex and vary considerably from one Member State to another .
.
The fact is that all our countries need to generate more military capability and the willingness to use it in <unk> with America and other allies , along with other instruments .
This is a <unk> touch that could cost us dear .
This is also very sad for thousands of students and others involved in education across Europe .
The Commission undertook in its programme of work to present proposals on facilitating extradition , including the idea of a European arrest warrant , before the summer <unk> .
These are what we call society ’ s ‘ <unk> ’ and they must consequently be the main architects of the development process in their countries , regions , towns and villages .
The institution or body has to explain its behaviour to the complainant and , in some cases , even manages to convince the complainant that it has acted correctly .
We therefore support Amendments Nos 36 and 56 and also certain aspects of Amendments Nos 4 , 15 and 62 , relating to the idea of <unk> external costs and <unk> for external costs which are not covered in favour of renewable energy sources .
What is being planned now waters down the report .
Although I am in favour of reducing polluting emissions , we must be pragmatic and we must not impose criteria that industry cannot meet at least for the time being .
– Mr President , on a point or order , I just wish to say that , to avoid any potential conflict of financial interest , I shall be present but not voting on the <unk> report .
All of this may mean that their pensions are affected , it may mean that they have to wait years for additional pensions , and more besides .
You asked at an earlier meeting and again today about the areas in which we would cooperate in research and development .
This may , in fact , be a way of persuading victims to denounce the perpetrators of the crimes and , under the legal protection of the Member State , setting them free from the network of dependence that is erected around them and often forms a prison from which they cannot escape .
Without the full commitment of the country concerned , democracy cannot be sustained .
The Council and the Commission are therefore drawing up a Charter for small- and medium-sized enterprises which , as I said , we hope will be approved in June at the Feira European Council .
The Danish Presidency can count on the active support of the Commission and the newly established Food Safety Authority in its endeavours to maintain the highest standards of food safety for the Union &apos;s citizens .
The administration in the United States has adopted a strongly unilateral approach .
I therefore wish to insist upon <unk> to the Committee .
It is not a matter of collective organisation , but of collective funding .
The citizens want a Europe that <unk> the goods , and the Commission will continue to do so <unk> and with total commitment .
We should encourage the UN Human Rights Commissioner , <unk> <unk> , to <unk> permanent observers in Burma to monitor human rights .
Now we have a hypocritical proposal to give aid , the aid which was previously banned , to what are now <unk> shipyards as their only means of salvation .
When is it that two countries can prevent other countries from moving forward ?
The Directorate-General for Competition ( DG IV ) tells us that 1995 saw a sharp increase in the number of cases referred to it .
In consequence , the banks of Member States which impose fewer and more lax administrative and legislative conditions and formalities are being <unk> .
Rather than having discussions about disabled people , we discussed things with them .
The vote will take place at 11 a. m . But it should aim further .
Member States must get even more encouragement to tackle perpetrators and protect potential victims .
You have said , ‘ I want to change Europe ’ .
It is not acceptable that every small or medium-sized business should be required to seek out a patent <unk> to defend its own innovations .
According to this Article the Community is only entitled to support the financial efforts of Member States through feasibility studies , loan guarantees and <unk> subsidies .
The next item is the statement by the Commission on BSE , including the financial aspects .
<unk> prevention and the reduction of environmental damage can only be achieved through a combination of emission standards and quality objectives , though account also needs to be taken of the implications for the environment and for competition of the fact that strict emission standards are easier to implement and enforce than <unk> quality objectives .
We are <unk> with the OSCE and the Council of Europe on these issues .
It is only reasonable to suppose that this affects Members &apos; attitudes on the substantive issues of the day .
<unk> has obviously been a failure , but the Commission must try to ensure that the trade can continue until such time as you , in conjunction with the Development and Trade Commissioners , can find a viable way of ensuring that other sources of income can be found for poor farmers in the <unk> Islands so that they continue to have a future .
That is clear .
Rather , this is a genuine labour dispute .
Cooperation outside the framework of the Treaties is , by definition , not undertaken by the Council .
We want to create good European policies , which means learning from mistakes in order to make good measures even better .
They include the following points : the adoption of an important series of measures in the area of justice and home affairs ; the progress made in respect of economic and monetary union , for example the approval of the structure of the new exchange rate mechanism ; the agreement on the rules establishing the legal framework for the euro ; the approval of the principles and main features of the growth and stability pact designed to ensure budgetary rigour in the economic and monetary union ; the important results concerning the growth and employment strategy , which led to the adoption of a declaration on employment , in other words a common programme to identify a broad range of measures to be implemented at national and Community level , to strengthen the synergy between the macro-economic and structural policies in the Member States &apos; programmes for employment and growth ; and the presentation , as requested by the Florence European Council , of a general outline document for a draft revision of the Treaties , focusing on three main objectives - bringing the Union closer to its citizens , strengthening and broadening the common foreign and security policy , with the aim of achieving greater consistency and efficiency , and ensuring , with an eye to enlargement , the proper functioning of the institutions and the efficiency of the decision-making process .
At the beginning of this month , peaceful demonstrators were attacked by his <unk> while the police looked on .
We must also adopt harmonised , transparent , efficient and swift procedures .
<unk> a poor <unk> to pay Paul is an <unk> Robin <unk> policy and is at best perverse .
I therefore urge you to make this your business .
I knew it all through that period of time myself .
Its recommended measures have not , to date , been the subject of any implementing decision by the Council .
.
They must take real action to fight the scourge of unemployment in Europe which Mr Santer so eloquently described .
However , here we have a situation where members of staff appear <unk> to be able to demonstrate and Members appear to be denied the same privilege !
Since we are interested in ensuring the development of cross-border mobility within the European Union , we are also interested in making it possible for workers to take benefits from their own Member State with them when they go to reside temporarily in another Member State .
As far as Iran is concerned , following so many debates this week , I should like to ask for it to be ensured that trade and political interests do not take priority over human rights .
The art of politics in Greece cannot be separated from philosophy , just as the art of politics in Europe must not be separated from philosophy either , otherwise it will always be susceptible to the <unk> of religious fundamentalism and repressive ideologies .
These architects were seen by the competent authorities in their Member States as having sufficient acquired experience and ability to be allowed to practice as de facto architects .
They should also keep up the pressure on us and they should keep an eye on what we are doing , and we have to accept that there is a debate .
I only hope we will see the aims of this report backed up by action .
These are issues that we not only mention on a regular basis , but they are there in the dialogue , and will certainly be taken up again with President Bush .
And in this <unk> , we wish to consider not only the physical state of European society , but also its state of mind , the state of its <unk> .
More specifically , on the threshold of the next world conference on climate change which is to be held in Bonn , this sends out a positive sign of our Kyoto commitment to reduce CO2 emissions .
Our group recognises that the Commission has taken action , partly at the request of the European Parliament &apos;s Committee on Agriculture , in setting up this aid scheme for private storage as from 28 September and increasing export refunds .
Two issues are involved .
With that I certainly concur ; that was a central focus of much of the constructive and useful discussion that took place at Hampton Court .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon .
These activities will be developed in close cooperation with the reflections and the preparatory work relating to the future of the eEurope Action Plan .
While international monetary stability is a basic prerequisite for a healthy economy , the real agent for growth will be a further round of liberalisation of international trade under the World Trade Organisation , which is an area where the European Commission has key powers .
Does it mean that these policies are vital , but must be implemented by the national governments alone ?
Experience has shown that the demand for seasonal labour cannot be met on the German labour market , and so people are losing out on every side .
The first is that nuclear energy has played an important - not to say decisive <unk> in the economic development of all European countries in the years since the Second World War , even in countries which are now abandoning or wish to abandon nuclear power .
Instead I think that , in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity , these issues are best resolved at national level or at lower levels in society .
Our experience shows that the planning instrument has proved well able to guarantee the orderly development of expenditure and its funding .
Now , however , I should like to put things in perspective : cattle breeders - and , by extension , the entire beef and veal sector - are today the human victims of the economic consequences of the epidemic of mad cow disease that has been raging since 1986 .
But I do not wish to dwell on these issues , since I agree that the enormous majority of people who work for Europe are competent and honest .
Since it was moved from its evening slot , it has been postponed or cut short on a number of occasions and this is now the second time it has been cancelled , if I am not mistaken .
Against this background , the Commission does not consider it appropriate to extend the scope of the proposal to also cover existing plants .
Has Israel really abandoned the idea that the occupied territories should be governed by Israelis ?
It is quite improper in the English language and it is quite contrary to the Treaty .
Everyone has to agree to a conclusion like this and any one person can <unk> it .
The next item is Question Time ( <unk> / 2001 ) .
The programme that we are presenting today remains faithful to the objectives that we adopted at the start of our mandate : prosperity , solidarity in an enlarged Europe , security and a strengthened role for Europe in the world .
The proposal for an amendment of the regulation establishing a control system and , secondly , the action plan to improve application of the common fisheries policy cover the main points that have been mentioned in this communication .
Energy is being wasted in Europe , and we cannot let it continue .
As for Category 3 , I would like to say as rapporteur that Parliament cannot agree with how it reads .
May I express my sincere thanks to Mr <unk> and Mr <unk> in particular for their <unk> efforts in seeing this technically complex directive through to a successful conclusion in such a short time and for finding a compromise on the issue of voluntary unpaid <unk> .
From this perspective , and while respecting the principle of subsidiarity , we support the idea of the European Union having a framework directive on its obligations to provide public services of general interest , which is not the case at the moment .
We nevertheless get irritated about North Korea and Iraq , instead of simply recognising that both <unk> , the one in <unk> and the other in <unk> , are pressed by the same player somewhere in between .
That is a matter for political choice in each country and I know that every system will find supporters and critics .
If they are adopted , they will give rise to a serious deficit in security - and , in ten years &apos; time , Mr Santer &apos;s successor will come to this House to explain that is not the Commission &apos;s fault , since public security has always been its top priority .
It is true that the European Commission and the institutional bodies of the European Union are often in the gun sights of governments .
Mr President , at Laeken , a number of steps forward have , at last , been taken towards the creation of a stronger Europe with wider borders .
Many comments related to the implementation of the budget .
.
The Minister , Mr Michel , was perhaps rather hasty in announcing it , but I believe that it is better to be hasty with regard to our responsibilities than to do nothing .
Madam President , I just wanted to follow up the previous point of order and ask when are we going to be able to debate the proposals in Mr Corbett &apos;s report - which I understand are stuck in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs - so that this <unk> procedure , with six pages of plenary amendments on one report , can be reformed .
All these sectors , then , need to be involved .
In the final analysis , we should take into consideration the real advances of the Treaty of Amsterdam and the <unk> is certainly right to say that the Treaty of Amsterdam is a good treaty .
The Commissioner has already pointed out that the EU has substantially increased market access for the poorest countries in recent years .
Even so , we have the feeling that once again important decisions have been put off .
This competitiveness in products and services coming out of the production process must be preserved , because it forms the basis of the developing information society .
The <unk> is unacceptable , for it compromises the economic , social and cultural assets of our countries .
We all know the importance of tourism .
- ( PT ) We voted against the <unk> report because it essentially supports the application of the Stability and Growth Pact , as the Commission has indeed just advocated in Commissioner Solbes &apos;s speech , which emphasised the importance of stability and of achieving a <unk> or surplus budget outcome by 2004 at the latest .
We are , then , creating the conditions for European lists and for a uniform European right to vote .
For example , the aim for household <unk> should be that all <unk> <unk> should be switched off .
When I consider the development in the last few years , I detect that there has been a basic improvement .
We cannot allow operators to do just what they like with ships , especially when they have been <unk> or banned in such and such a place .
Thus an expansion of basic education provision can be both a targeted <unk> measure and an investment for general economic growth .
As for the multilateral aspect , I have noted comments in the House on the lack of human and material resources .
With electronic information there are no longer any frontiers .
I hope that we will continue these talks and see how best we can help the UK Government with information on the Constitution , but the strategy always has to be a national one .
In other words , finally get round to doing what Parliament instructed you to do at the end of last year , when it took the relevant budget decision !
The next item is the continuation of the joint debate on Agenda 2000 .
Mr President , the Brok report is well <unk> in view of fact that the debate on European defence has gained momentum over the past few months .
It is making it difficult or even impossible for the aid which is arriving to be distributed in the country and so benefit the people .
The arrogance with which the President of the Commission has received Parliament &apos;s criticism is incredible and unacceptable .
That is another reason why Israel should stop the settlements in all the territories and refrain from acting in such a way as to jeopardise the chances of resolving the conflict , beginning with East Jerusalem , where a real annexation policy is being pursued .
The Heads of State and Government have said this .
I call for open-ended negotiations .
We have to see to it that the countries who have been told they may receive structural funds do actually receive these and that the administrative restrictions are not too restrictive .
The European Parliament wants the reform to be implemented over a longer period of time , price reductions to be limited , restructuring aid to be increased and production in areas with ‘ climatic structural conditions ’ to be accorded special forms of support .
I agree with Baroness Ludford when she says that in this respect the proposal is a good compromise between protecting fundamental rights when lawyers defend their clients in court or help the clients to determine their legal position , but not when they are participating in preparations leading up to an activity covered by this directive .
The countries of Central and Eastern Europe seeking to join the Union are a true learning resource from our point of view .
This is another example of the fact that such a discussion with Parliament can also be very informative for us and we gain important new ideas from them .
It is a most important point and needs to be clarified , Mr President .
The Commission will shortly be preparing a communication on the follow-up to be given to the Green Paper ; this communication will conduct a thorough review of the consultations and announce the specific measures which the Commission intends to present in this important sector in the near future .
It also looks at the need for further reform , to which Labour is committed in order to make the European Union more effective , more transparent and more accountable .
Leaving aside any consideration of the book &apos;s merits - in Italy , a <unk> country , it has been an enormous publishing success - the basic question remains open , which is the risk that so-called <unk> rules can be used <unk> for the purpose of political and ideological censorship and to curtail the freedom to express one &apos;s opinions , as guaranteed by the founding principles of the European Union .
The Council particularly seems to be aiming for secrecy in the matter of security and defence policy , and it would appear that not just the European Parliament - and via it , the public - will suffer from this attempt at secrecy , which entered the arena after these talks on agreements , when there was a call to amend the text , but also the European Commission will suffer as a result .
I welcome this .
To fight against social dumping , we also propose including social and environmental clauses in all trade agreements and <unk> capital movements to <unk> them towards productive , <unk> investment .
I think you have answered your own question .
In addition , in the near future , an even greater increase of goods transport is to be expected .
As she said in her introduction , she has made the very wise decision to focus on what are the most critical issues for the creation of the single market .
<unk> prices are very important for social , but not exclusively social , reasons .
As far as I am concerned , the EU needs both to adopt a clear and firm negotiating position , and to demonstrate a sincere desire to support economic development and world trade growth .
Today a European is <unk> twice as rich as someone from the Maghreb , and in twenty years &apos; time he will be twenty times as rich , if we do not manage to turn the situation around .
This system will not only lead to a reduction in the quantities receiving production aid and , therefore , to a decrease in European tobacco production , it will also do nothing to help <unk> production and it will prevent young farmers from setting up in this area .
On both matters , we received the support of a majority of the Committee on Budgets , and for this I wish to thank the rapporteur in particular , and her colleagues in the Budgets Committee in general .
It has <unk> realism into the agricultural negotiations .
This might also challenge and undermine our existing sophisticated restrictive measures which make it possible for the European Union to take temporary measures on a consultation basis with the exporting countries .
There was no such consensus previously .
How can we recommend to the House that it should or should not grant the Commission discharge if the Commission itself does not provide us with facts and figures ?
But simply to disregard those decisions , <unk> and publicly !
The Commission &apos;s overall target , as announced at the beginning of our term of office in 1999 , is to double the number of women in these two grades during its term in office , thereby raising the number of women in <unk> and <unk> posts to 44 or about 20 % by 2005 .
Following the awful things that I heard in this House yesterday , allow me , Mr President , to say something that is based on my own experience , which is shared by you , in your country , and by Mr Poettering , which is that those who are against political parties are against democracy .
Any other option would be less good .
It certainly must not be discussed .
This is an impressive achievement , and many a country of the Union would do well to <unk> it .
Can the Council use its good offices to ensure that civilians do not suffer from lack of medical assistance ?
<unk> report ( <unk> / 2000 ) Mr President , my group welcomed the report by Mr <unk> and <unk> him for his persistence .
Very few people outside my region appreciate the seriousness of the situation .
Thus , I would like to thank the Commission for its White Paper and Mrs Rothe for her report , as well as everyone else who has been working on the report to make it so admirable and meaningful .
It was particularly interesting yesterday to hear what the future Member States are doing or intend to do in these areas and how we can further strengthen cooperation .
It is obvious that this would have been very pernicious , but that did not happen , and I hope that things are going to stay that way .
My country , Luxembourg , has often born the brunt of this .
It is important to emphasise that the measures introduced at European Union level have restricted the spread of the disease and , most importantly , there have as yet been no fatalities in any Member State .
All credit for this has to go to Mandela , who <unk> between the different parties for months in order to get them not only on speaking terms but also around the negotiating table .
Let us hope , however , that the signature of the memorandum in <unk> <unk> will reinvigorate the peace process and ensure that the outstanding issues on final status are tackled without great delay .
Integrated production has to be monitored , otherwise we are going to run into serious problems of very large subsidies in terms of a product &apos;s final added value .
In any case , we still have a long way to go before we reach that point .
Very often a taxpayer will avoid taxation by doing less work , but there have also been cases of economic activities being <unk> abroad .
In other words , it was not , and is not , a matter of changing the figures which have been drawn up by the Commission &apos;s departments , because the figures must be credible , that is , they must not be subject to any political pressure .
In doing so , they are showing their determination to attack the main pillars of democracy .
I am talking about a new recital 2 ( a ) which takes up the objective established by the Barcelona European Council that electrical <unk> between the Member States should account for 10 % of installed generation capacity .
It is <unk> fuel oil and we do not really know what it contains .
We therefore need to allocate far , far greater resources to improving rail capacity .
Who should decide ?
On these bases and within this framework , we have to promise our full , <unk> support for this country .
Mr President , I was anxious to comply with the new rules governing the organisation of debates by drawing the conclusions myself on behalf of my group .
The work and guidance of the <unk> Veterinary Committee is , of course , important in this regard .
It is the price we pay in terms of opportunity cost for the policies we want to have at the level of the European Union and cannot afford because the money has been <unk> out of the budget .
We must , therefore , give a specific response through a Commission initiative to this effect .
What is going on now in Chechnya is genocide .
Respect for international law , for the sovereignty of States , for their territorial integrity , is not always without its problems , but the violation of that respect causes <unk> more problems .
<unk> products can be a significant development factor , notably in ecologically fragile zones , where the role of farmers in preserving ecosystems and biodiversity is particularly important .
Mr President , Commissioner , the objective regarding trans-European energy networks is a good and necessary one .
Madam President , ladies and gentlemen , these are some ideas formulated by the Commission and which were put to the European Parliament and the European Council .
Because we reject this Europe in the interests of the French people , we cannot in all conscience endorse its enlargement to include the countries and the peoples of the East , which have only just emerged from Communist dictatorship and cannot yet know what a technocratic and totalitarian trap it is that they are wanting to enter .
As you know , the European Union has been condemned for its regime of granting licences for this product , but has maintained the viability of the quota regime proposed by Mr <unk> .
I hope that we can find a solution and that the Commission will help us find a solution .
The good advice which the politicians must give for the future is a matter of concern for us as a parliament .
As regards the first of these , it seems to provide an effective solution for the long-standing demands by the <unk> of artistic and <unk> works , while at the same time creating a framework of protection in relation to issues such as distribution , <unk> and the presentation of their works to the public .
The Council is proposing to reduce the administrative expenditure of the EU institutions by 120 million euro as compared with the institutions ’ original requests .
( The House rose and observed a minute &apos;s silence ) According to them , the staff at meat companies are not capable of monitoring quality , or in a position , to do so .
Some of the problems which <unk> the last Commission in this area of cooperation for development were sometimes due more to the imbalance between resources and aims than to poor administration .
We would like to see greater transparency in general .
We will take the following questions to the Commission .
What about your political imperialism , the arrogance of our <unk> , the destruction of our <unk> values ?
My intention would be to examine carefully your amendments with a view to seeing in what measure they can be considered .
We now have three Union priorities which we have wanted to support from the very beginning .
The Amsterdam Treaty provisions give more powers to Europol by putting in place coordinated structures between European Union police forces and related law enforcement agencies , so as to ensure that organised crime can be tackled effectively at European level .
Mrs Pack has already spoken eloquently about the value and importance of this programme and Mrs Cresson also spoke earlier .
Now is the time to formulate a vision for the future .
President Prodi has already made due reference to this subject .
As for the Internet , Europe has finally found the courage to say that we need rules .
In Europe , modern slaves for every conceivable purpose come mainly from the countries of the former Soviet Union , where women previously had the social status which they deserved .
Why has this happened ?
This formula of evasion can now easily be exploited to include economic and trade agreements even with countries which can be very seriously criticized for human rights violations .
It is because we know that the peace process cannot move forward until internal relations are <unk> that we are calling for an end to the emergency regime as soon as possible .
In any case , we are voting against the resolution which includes this condition .
In 2000 , European investment in the ICT sector was higher than in the United States , even though some countries are still lagging well behind .
We shall continue to apply pressure and a whole host of things are still missing , but in essence , we made a significant step forward .
I was one myself a few years ago .
<unk> were made , and I think that the Commission worked quickly and well in this case .
For instance , the Maastricht Treaty provides that the decision on which Member States participate in the first wave of EMU on 1 January 1999 may be taken on the basis of either estimates or hard figures .
I particularly appreciate the fact that in the key areas the Community method has been adopted as the guiding principle .
If the window of opportunity is not quickly used to force a real breakthrough in the peace process , violence will soon <unk> up again and the first African world war will further <unk> .
We are all aware of the difficulties involved in the management of the budgetary procedure and the pressure on those who are responsible for it each year .
I intend to talk about what is being done today in terms of policy and planning .
( EL ) Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market did me the honour of asking me to draft an own-initiative report on legal bases and compliance with Community law .
( Parliament approved the request ) On the other hand , the second report from Mrs Quisthoudt-Rowohl , on the fifth framework programme of the European Atomic Energy Community for training activities , will be put to the vote tomorrow , Wednesday .
While this process of enlargement must represent a reciprocal opportunity , it is necessary to ensure that the Union <unk> the occasion for an appropriate institutional reform , which we believe must be completed immediately , even before the entry of the new countries ; thus , in line with the Italian , French and Belgian Governments , we make this a priority condition , just as we demand a serious and responsible effort from all the institutions , so that all the outstanding <unk> can be <unk> in time .
We intend to develop a European programme for conflict prevention to be presented to the European Council in Gothenburg .
I do not see that this is any disaster ; I think it is good .
The Environment Committee urges the European Commission to do its utmost to persuade the Council to adopt the common position on a single directive in June .
This is an outcome of the Tampere European Council deliberations and was recently confirmed at Laeken .
You say that it is not that easy to <unk> an <unk> .
Mr President , my colleagues and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of the victim of the <unk> ETA terrorism in Spain .
The debate is closed .
.
The Member States of the EU have already offered the other States financial and technical assistance in ratifying the statute and they stand by that offer .
This is not the time for long speeches , Mr President , but you deserve your victory .
What we are entirely free to do here leads to being arrested there .
We saw this with REACH .
<unk> choices will have to be made and a culture of commitment to the southern Caucasus will have to be developed .
In order to hold our own on the international stage , we need a mandate , and we need our position to be beyond any doubt .
Mr President , where supplementary pensions are concerned , the crucial issue is whether one wants to provide pensioners with security in their old age or to reinforce Europe &apos; s capital markets .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 2003 ) by <unk> MacCormick , on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market , on the request for waiver of the immunity of <unk> <unk> J. <unk> ( 2002 / <unk> ( <unk> ) ) .
Secondly , with regard to the connection between immigration and development policies , the Commission intends to present a draft communication , again by this summer , in order to develop practical ideas and proposals linking European migration policy with cooperation in the area of development .
We have an ethics committee on food production and labelling , and I would remind you that it endorsed our views .
Only those who uphold the rights and respect the integrity of the states of both the Yugoslavian and Russian <unk> can convince us of the rights of those persecuted <unk> who are suffering greatly today .
I would not want to fall into the bad habit of <unk> and confirm what you have just said by repeating what I said when I opened this debate .
As we see it , it would be inappropriate to amend these provisions before they have had a chance to prove their worth in practice .
It was stated in Edinburgh that these should be spending targets , and now we are paying for that statement .
As for Switzerland , ladies and gentlemen , you are all aware that the transport agreement has still not entered into force , not through any fault of Switzerland , but because of the three European Union countries that have not yet ratified it .
The political opportunities that await us should not be allowed , however , to obscure the view that the economic effects of the euro are largely unpredictable .
The report was adopted virtually unanimously by the Committee on Culture - there was one abstention - and , I hope , by the House is timely in view of this present period in which the world press is in something of a crisis regarding newspaper circulation figures .
Belarus too has a right to national liberal destitution and to <unk> , <unk> democracy .
On harmonisation of the procedures and sanctions , the Commission &apos; s proposal is based on the traditional approach , which leaves the Member States able to determine the procedures and sanctions for implementing Community law .
What are we prepared to do in order to achieve this ?
The Green Paper on an integrated product policy should , in my opinion , be the framework for the formulation of a series of guidelines and proposals that will enable both producers and consumers to make full use of the instruments and opportunities offered by the market to be able to make it function in a way that is better adapted to the practice of sustainable development .
The report also clearly emphasises that the European Central Bank has achieved its priority objective of ensuring price stability .
The Council , Commission and Parliament should stand united in the defence of our liberties .
With the commitments given in Tampere , terrorism has become an integral part of the global approach to fighting crime .
We therefore call upon the Commission to assist Equatorial Guinea to create the necessary monitoring capacity and in this connection we refer to the cooperative approach between development cooperation and fishing as repeatedly requested by the European Parliament .
Instead I want to emphasise a point which , in my opinion , emerges from the interpretation of the report .
Article 14 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights states that everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution .
The Commission is itself - please note - of the opinion that the maximum level of fishing in these areas requires urgent revision or reduction .
I am happy to pass it on to Members of Parliament .
The Council , however , has restricted the appropriations for a few budget lines that are not based on multi-annual programmes .
This will occur during the next presidency .
It should , however , be emphasised that the strong endorsement of EU enlargement , highlighted by Amendment 1 , which was adopted , I wholeheartedly subscribe to .
Lastly , I will mention the budgetary aspect .
<unk> , <unk> information is accurate <unk> information .
I would ask you on what you base your ideas for a location ?
Mr President , I did not want to make this point during my speech , but it is necessary that it should be made .
Mr President , since November , after a relatively peaceful period in Indonesia , we have again been alarmed by serious outbreaks of violence in , for example , <unk> and <unk> and by the murder of <unk> <unk> <unk> , the leader of the <unk> in <unk> <unk> .
And Mr Bösch , I am not aware of any statement by the new Commission saying that we had found it reassuring that once again the statement of assurance could not be made .
I would like to see every Member elected here on the basis of the commitment and accountability of representing an individual geographical constituency , but I am not so ambitious as to suggest that everybody else should adopt the system I like .
.
I can say quite frankly that I would prefer to have the satisfaction of full employment and twenty million jobs in Europe than full <unk> .
These include research and innovation , innovative measures for SMEs , support for lifelong learning for renewing skills and key infrastructure projects .
But the benefits would be incalculable .
Subject : <unk> replacement of <unk> materials in passenger planes ( Parliament adopted the resolution ) The OECD has <unk> that public spending on education since 1974 has declined <unk> , especially in the Member States of the European Union .
Mr President , I was appointed some two and a half years ago as rapporteur for this bathing water directive and at last I am in a position to present the report here today .
We know that East Timor has a largely Christian population .
So we do not need Parliament .
The Turkish Foreign Minister yesterday said that were the European Union to open negotiations with Cyprus , then Turkey could not support the attendance of <unk> Denktash in the second round of meetings designed to solve the Cyprus problem .
Finally , I agree with the criticism of the problems in assessing the impact of the <unk> interventions within our statistics in the Commission .
I am talking about a Union of principles and a Union that we have to strengthen - there will not be a political Union in the future if we cannot guarantee that these principles are shared by the great majority of the Community .
I can assure the honourable Member that , if these contacts with the Americans lead to any sort of legislation or any change in the acquis , all rules will be followed .
They are key factors for a successful society .
I believe that our Parliament , even if it is still being too <unk> , is in the process of laying the groundwork for a genuine policy towards a country which will be one of the major issues of the next century .
These sectors are calling for such an influence in view of third countries which , incidentally , sometimes defend their interests more vigorously than we defend ours .
This is the type of agreement I believe in .
Both will clarify the aims that the Commission has set in the framework of its Agenda 2000 .
Clearly , however , we need to agree what all of this means .
It should not just toe the line on the European stage , especially while being new and not big .
I am sorry that colleagues in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development were unwilling to face these realities and that a majority on the right voted to delete essential paragraphs from Mr <unk> &apos;s report .
One is that liberalization must be progressive and the other is that accompanying measures to facilitate change must be adopted as that liberalization takes place .
This will also have to be discussed in the Commission , for the complicated procedure must not result in the funds ceasing to be used at all .
As regards humanitarian assistance , through ECHO we are continuing to finance programmes in support of displaced and refugee communities through international NGOs .
This is not a question of interfering in commercial lending policy , a matter which is the sole competence of the EIB &apos; s management , but merely of guaranteeing respect for democratic decisions and for stringent , transparent rules .
The Court of Auditors produced a constructive and reasonable report , but when we had the discussion in committee and <unk> out the problems and heard the explanations we were a bit more satisfied that the problems that arose were not foreseeable and were <unk> .
The directive also <unk> consumers because it is quite possible that consumers will have to pay once when they buy a <unk> or a <unk> and then again in the form of a levy .
On the subject of the competitiveness of the EU economy , I would like to mention one of the EU &apos;s most successful projects – the introduction of the common currency , the Euro , in 12 Member States .
Political will by necessity expresses itself as a financial commitment .
I am also especially interested in the Commission &apos; s proposal on the temporary halt on sand eel fishing in Scottish and English waters .
The question of illegal immigrants is used to stir up feelings of xenophobia and racism .
( Applause ) The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development cannot make its own decisions on this and say that none of it is its concern .
I would not claim that we have succeeded yet , but we are at any rate on the right track .
Perhaps in the interest of clarity and to avoid confusion , the Commission could change the title to something like &quot; <unk> <unk> <unk> &quot; .
We also welcomed the objective of involving smaller organisations without international experience , so that young people who are not members of organisations can also have better access to the programme .
The European Commission must provide us with financial estimates covering the entire period of the programme within the scope of current financial perspectives and , if necessary , a proposal for the revision of appropriations , in view of the fact that much greater amounts will be necessary in order to achieve the Fund &apos; s objectives .
There are no jobs for life <unk> but there could well be work for life .
In Spain , coal currently accounts for 18 % of primary energy - 10 % comes from domestic coal and 8 % from imported coal .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in the report which they produced after extremely thorough and <unk> work , your two rapporteurs , Mr Dimitrakopoulos and Mr Leinen , proposed that Parliament should adopt a formal opinion pursuant to Article 48 of the Treaty and thus , if this opinion were adopted , the Intergovernmental Conference could effectively start on 14 February , as suggested by the Portuguese Presidency .
It is also important that banking secrecy can no longer be quoted as a reason for turning down investigation requests from other countries , and that direct contacts with legal bodies become possible instead of having to take the route of diplomatic representation .
I am convinced that the presidency , which is the only body competent to do so , will resolve the system of <unk> in a way that is understandable and transparent for the general public .
It cannot be simply delivered on a <unk> , ready-made .
But my real question is this : what criminal sanctions are imposed on anyone caught <unk> prohibited meal ?
Mr President , in his speech Mr Solana acknowledged Europe ’ s <unk> in the face of the <unk> conflict , yet it is not only Europe that is <unk> .
<unk> something is included in the Treaty , it will be helpful .
The European Union uses delicate manoeuvres to set the renewal of its policies in motion in a series of crucial sectors , such as structural policy or agricultural policy , in order to safeguard its potential for growth , social cohesion and its ability to face up to its international challenges .
The projects in Papua will support both the authorities and civil society .
However , we must formulate these ethically motivated limitations very clearly .
The points made are not incorrect , but it is in reality up to the national authorities , not the EU , to take decisions on these matters .
France , Germany , Belgium , the Pope and the <unk> of <unk> have given the European Union and Europe credibility in that part of the world .
Mr President , before I begin , I should like the Minister and the President of the Commission to put on their <unk> , unless they speak Greek .
But we hope that the Commission &apos;s attitude towards this country is also motivated by encouragement and is not simply based on punishment .
As a <unk> , and living as I do in Sweden , I benefit from the Swedish welfare system and should therefore contribute towards it .
Mr President , Commissioner , it is late , but we are <unk> , <unk> even .
Far too much weight has been placed on military security policy , while civil and economic security policy is left in the <unk> .
<unk> which still contains elements of <unk> , <unk> of <unk> cord tissue and other nerve tissue is more likely to be infected with <unk> dangerous to humans and animals .
If the Union is to develop an effective , common immigration policy , this policy must be based on decisions taken by a majority vote .
Allow me to take up just a few points that were raised in the discussion .
<unk> is one of the Community ’ s founding principles .
I urge the international community to put pressure on the so-called Turkish Cypriot Government not to endanger the safety of its critics .
I think that this is a bit of a mess and I feel I must draw attention to it because , in my opinion , if it is acceptable once , we will have to be more careful in the future before presenting reports before the House .
I would like on the other hand to reply to Mrs Jackson to tell her that with regard to Amendment No 32 on <unk> we are in agreement with her : this <unk> is effective against <unk> , which are dangerous <unk> , and that is why the Commission accepts the amendment .
Some points even threaten a worse situation , particularly in terms of longer working hours and attacks on retirement age .
Let me make it clear that I have not voted with a &quot; no &quot; , I would have preferred to give my approval with an unequivocal &quot; yes &quot; , yet I found Mr Prodi &apos; s statement too disappointing .
We have a new Commission .
Let us take an example in the automobile sector .
They recognize no national boundaries and because of their huge resources they are able to employ the best <unk> in the legal , financial and other technical fields .
Equally , I should like to thank Sir Leon Brittan for all his efforts to try to reach an agreement between the Commission and the European Parliament .
As you know , as currently framed , Community legislation requires port authorities to carry out inspections on board all foreign vessels , including those flying flags of convenience , and to <unk> them if they do not comply with international standards .
Regarding public services , a subject mentioned by a number of speakers , the last of whom was Mr <unk> , I should like to say that the French Presidency is very attentive to this matter .
As the number of Member States in which the euro <unk> is set to increase , it is becoming more urgent and necessary to adopt measures in this respect .
I can also tell you that the Council will study initiatives to look into the possibilities of creating jobs for SMEs on the basis of a new report by the <unk> Committee on Competitiveness .
Measures to put an end to discrimination must also be supported .
For example , the retirement age for women has already been raised to 65 - i. e. the same as for men - in all the pension schemes in Finland .
Europe needs Galileo , or , as the Commission puts it in its information note , Galileo is indispensable to Europe .
Is it not therefore <unk> to the oppressed people of Zimbabwe that two European governments now seek to delay the renewal and <unk> the force of the travel ban and other restrictive measures that the European Union has put in place against the Mugabe regime and which are due to expire on 18 February 2003 ?
The Commission communication of 2001 on the application of state aid rules to public service broadcasting confirms that the Member States are responsible for the financing and definition of public service broadcasting .
We must redouble our efforts to provide emergency aid to the population under threat , particularly those people who , located in the areas under the influence of <unk> , are living in the most <unk> poverty .
All the countries involved are members of the European Union , with the exception of Norway .
Our guiding principle must be , and must continue to be , to preserve our own culture and to become <unk> with the cultural riches of other nations .
I do not think that this is a good idea .
This assistance was provided for in the supplementary and amending budget no .
We have transferred to this Union 1 % of our national taxation , which is used in the interest of Community policies .
This means that the damage threshold for 2005 applicable in Spain &apos;s case is just over EUR <unk> billion at today &apos;s prices .
The possibility , if necessary , of having additional inspections of animals in these areas is not a question of artificial protectionism or the restriction of freedom of movement , as there really is justification for it .
Cohesion policy makes clear European solidarity , which we do not want to lose , but rather to emphasise in the future .
That is why my question asks for pressure to be put on the Indian Government .
When I said that , a few Members of this House once again <unk> on me and said : that will lead to the isolation of women .
What we have to do now is publish it widely , introduce it to everyone and get as many citizens as possible to consider its proposals .
It wished to endorse the approach to the improvement of the working environment adopted by the Commission in its proposal .
Why not , Commissioner , include a specific SME Commissioner in the next Commission with a horizontal competence and who , on that basis , would work with the different Commissioners in a <unk> model in each of the <unk> fields of competence ?
This second stage , running from 2004 to 2008 , is accompanied by a substantial increase in resources , and I have to remind you that we now have EUR 10 million per annum as against EUR 5 million per annum in the first stage .
On the first occasion , in December 1998 , this report on the reduction of carbon dioxide emissions from new passenger cars was approved at first reading with 48 amendments .
And the unequivocal message which I wish to convey to Parliament and the public today is that the Structural Funds are an essential means of removing obstacles and transforming and <unk> the countries which receive them .
All 12 countries satisfy the political criteria laid down at Copenhagen and democratic institutions are stronger everywhere .
The situation has gone from bad to worse in the meantime and the proof is that numerous women have already been taken to court , I myself have been <unk> with messages from activists from the &apos;no &apos; campaign to vote against this report , and , to top it all , the so-called <unk> &apos; association has just instigated legal proceedings against Mrs Van Lancker in Portugal .
On behalf of the House , I would like to welcome you to the European Parliament .
Sport could also have an economic impact , in that a country that invests in the good physical condition of its citizens , starting with young people in school , may over the long term reduce health expenditure , given that , according to a United Nations report , 40 % of illnesses on a global scale are linked to a lack of exercise and poor physical condition .
Turning to you , Commissioner , I should like to reiterate what we stated in point 28 of our report , namely that we await a Commission report by 31 October 2005 , explaining fully what stage has been reached as regards the scandal of adulterated butter .
Mr President , Mr President of the Commission , Madam President-in-Office of the Council , you have a reputation , not without reason , for being extraordinarily <unk> , and your presentation has confirmed this .
Greater competition in Europe &apos;s <unk> bus and <unk> services will mean cheaper fares .
It was a <unk> negotiation and that was the outcome .
Mr President , the <unk> report highlights that the euro zone may ultimately be relatively unstable due to the impact of various asymmetric shocks .
Well then , when we produce definitions of terrorism , we specify , for simplicity &apos;s sake , the groups which carry out terrorist activities .
Needless to say , I am also thankful for the fact that people will be more careful when handling such substances .
This is what we and European olive growers demand .
<unk> that goal is rendered all the important by the growing dynamic of the information society , with all its potential for cross-border trade , and by the imminent introduction of the euro , which will increase the transparency of costs and encourage businesses and consumers to look beyond national boundaries for the provision of services .
Fourthly , issues relating to the strategy on employment and the Lisbon strategy in general , which the Council needs to address , and a fifth entity for the day after the Council , in other words Saturday 21 June , which concerns the Union &apos;s policy on the western Balkans .
As we all know , he belonged to your family of political parties , and when I follow some of the party <unk> in your country , I often wish that the European enthusiasm of François Mitterrand could be found in his <unk> .
It is not too much to ask .
Such a policy would clearly also hit the population as such , and will further isolate Belarus .
.
– I would like to congratulate Mrs Carlotti on preparing this report and I would like to thank colleagues from my committee for preparing our opinion .
It is an important <unk> in the protection of consumers and consumer associations .
Commissioner , I would just like to emphasize again that in the course of this debate all the speakers who have called for dual pricing in the interests of consumer protection have in no way been suggesting that the interests of consumers and the interests of small and medium-sized companies and individual retailers should be played off against each other .
Given the Council &apos;s position , that was not possible .
Developing countries are likely to be the ones who suffer the most .
This should be done in conjunction with the <unk> government and this plan must be able to secure the aid that the situation requires .
At the same time , I must of course also say that the result depends not only on the efforts made by the Commission , but also on those which the Member States are willing to make , especially the new ones .
I am not sure whether she will be pleased but I would like to tell her nonetheless !
It is indeed unacceptable for national social legislation ( e. <unk> on minimum wages , social insurance contributions , labour law ) to be undermined by the posting of temporary workers from EU states or third countries and for undertakings that respect the legal requirements to be <unk> by providers of services that ignore these requirements .
At present , China is the Union ’ s second largest trading partner .
Lastly , I should like , if I may , to return to one of my <unk> themes : the failure to acquire foreign language skills and the lack of personal and social skills .
<unk> is a must to make better use of our delegation offices and cut red tape and wasted time .
For example : how much would each proposal raise ?
Our objective is to improve the management of migratory movements within a framework of close cooperation with the countries of origin and of transit , stepping up the fight against this type of immigration and combating the criminal elements involved , while at the same time safeguarding the rights of the victims .
This does not mean that , when the conciliation takes place , as I believe it will - because I doubt that the Council will reach a compromise leading to the automatic inclusion of self-employed workers , as I think it should - I will not use all my resources to try to find a solution to <unk> the situation which is no doubt going to come about now .
I have received two motions for resolutions pursuant to Rule 37 ( 2 ) of the Rules of Procedure .
Hence also the importance of the Ribeiro report , and I would like to particularly congratulate the rapporteur on his report .
There is a difference between humans and animals .
This situation arises particularly in the matter of international legislation .
Amendment No 82 addresses the issue of donor consent .
New figures released today reveal that global sales of Fair Trade <unk> products reached 1.1 billion in 2005 .
The Commission has in fact already taken initiatives of its own accord in this respect in the past .
We seem to assume all too readily that a <unk> expanded institutional structure will enable us to <unk> evil in the world and build a better society .
Michael <unk> and his crew often managed to do the impossible , and the demands made of them sometimes <unk> on the unreasonable .
I refer in particular to certain key principles regarding data protection : who is entitled to access the data ; for what specific and predetermined purposes ; how long can data be retained ; and , above all , who will be entitled to use them and in what circumstances ?
We urge the Union too to take action .
What is absolutely obvious to any impartial observer , however , is that , in this case , the intention has been precisely to prevent the investigation of corruption with the collaboration , furthermore , of the <unk> , and to get rid of the person who was going to be leader of the opposition in the Republic of Nicaragua .
On Monday , the <unk> of the <unk> <unk> department called me personally in order to tell me that he formally denied that these threats had been made .
Only unconditional actions against the regime can release the people from their suffering .
So I come to my fourth point , and am particularly curious to know how you , Commissioner , will respond to it .
If you ask me if I expect multinationals to have a large share , the answer is No .
I would also like to stress the need to speed up the establishment of legal instruments which will facilitate the mobilisation of funds that have already been earmarked for this purpose .
This morning , in the speech by Mr Nogueira and the last speech by Mr <unk> , reference has been made to the tragedy that took place yesterday on the island of <unk> , in which , once again , eleven immigrants <unk> trying to reach our continent , the European Union .
In future , compensation should be paid from the guarantee fund of the country in which the accident occurred .
It should however be worked on more energetically and with a greater degree of urgency .
I believe that we will do so again , and if the Danish tradition is applied to the whole Union , then the Union project will encounter difficulties .
- ( FR ) The vote on the ratification of the Commission is not a vote of approval for the Commission &apos; s programme , since Parliament will be consulted on this at the end of the year .
In fact , Europe has a great responsibility today on this matter : the responsibility of being a <unk> , a reference point for all those in difficult situations , those subjected to particular and temporary dramatic living conditions .
These are issues which inspire debates , even <unk> debates I would say , not only among the initiated but also among many of our fellow citizens .
We all know that agriculture now represents no more than 5 % of the electorate in the Union .
It is our ability to take advantage of something that could potentially transform tensions and to reduce the amount of contradictions which will make the difference between the <unk> and the consequent decline of the project and the dynamism that its implementation requires .
Let us not lose our sense of priorities and , what I would term , legislative efficiency .
The debate is closed .
Indeed , even the American authorities have admitted that some of those behind bars are innocent .
The fourth relates to general content , that is , the content of television and Internet programmes , including intellectual property rights .
The choices shortly to be made by the Commission in its legislative proposal are therefore of vital importance , and the various options will have to be assessed very carefully .
I hope that this week , here in Strasbourg , we will succeed in resolving the confusion over the procedure which has emerged .
Is that our dream ?
I referred earlier , during my reply to Mr Hatzidakis , to training .
Having said all that , Mr President , there are also several encouraging things that deserve mention .
We want to see , in September , whether a discharge can then be proposed to the House .
I believe that this report gives a clear method for dealing with <unk> <unk> <unk> which is both practical , realistic and also achievable .
Mr President , as usual you acted very quickly .
When every other problem is solved it is crucial for our common future .
What we talk about during and after important meetings must be put into practice .
I think that is a major <unk> in current practice in this area .
The EU and India are <unk> to be economic partners , with the EU being India ’ s largest trading partner , and , as has already been mentioned , with India investing massively in Europe .
They are meeting later this month in relation to this issue .
We have vested the European Community with powers of disposal over money .
So we are talking about a very <unk> solution here .
Indonesia and East Timor Within the context of the proliferation of the trade and association agreements that the Union is promoting , therefore , we must not allow human rights to become a lesser requirement , but rather they should be the very essence of those agreements .
In conclusion , I would just like to ask the Commissioner to pay greater attention to the two issues that Parliament wants to raise : first , the changes in the <unk> regulation , the financial regulation , particularly as regards young people &apos;s <unk> and the modernisation of farms ; and secondly , the natural disaster fund .
I welcome the efforts of the Commission , whose communication proposes an operational framework for European tourism as well as a range of measures and actions to be implemented by the various players involved .
Perhaps I might deal briefly with those , rather than go through the individual questions , and hope that I touch on all of the issues , particularly the important ones .
Almost EUR 300 million have been allocated to projects to assist the Roma population over the past five years .
Not only do I condemn the actions of suicide <unk> , I also condemn the actions of the security services of the Israeli state when they act outside international law , making the resolution of that problem even more intractable .
I think that if the Court leaves this much room for interpretation in its report , the result will always be critical headlines .
All of us would wish to see by 2001 - not in four or five years &apos; time or ten years &apos; time but within the space of 18 months - a further review of the safety measures used and of these instruments themselves .
The <unk> are expecting an expression of political solidarity from us .
It is a question of a better environment .
The rates applicable to tobacco products is fixed at 25 % because local production of tobacco products has significantly diminished in the Canary Islands in recent years .
I agree that the report should promote research to make batteries less environmentally harmful and to encourage the development of new recycling technologies and that a 50 % recycling target should be set for non-hazardous batteries .
The report calls for an increase in quotas and fixed prices on cotton and also seeks to regulate the role of cotton producers &apos; associations .
To put it <unk> , it <unk> the advent of cheaper textile imports against the maintenance of our own textile sector .
I ask you to also convey this message to your colleagues in the creative manner in which Ireland exercised the presidency and that finally they will be prepared to get together in tackling the major fundamental issues facing European society .
As we voted against the establishment of a customs union between the EU and Turkey we have , for the sake of consistency , abstained from voting on this report .
I am pleased that Mrs Cederschiöld makes such recommendations in her report and I personally and my group support these .
It is worth noting that , unlike Iraq , the Quartet is an example of how a common European foreign and security policy based on unanimity can actually work .
This is all well and good on paper , but this can be very difficult to implement in practice .
They rightly pointed to the issue of food security .
Report ( <unk> / 2001 ) by Mr <unk> <unk> , on behalf of the Committee on Culture , Youth , Education , the Media and Sport , on achieving better circulation of European films in the internal market and the candidate countries &#91; 2001 / <unk> ( INI ) &#93; Until we are able to organise legal immigration , we will continue to have illegal immigration .
The first phase was reflection , not <unk> , as some would have liked to say .
Last year , the number of <unk> <unk> notes rose by ... Mr President , I too would like to congratulate Mrs <unk> warmly on this excellent report .
That is something we need to try to exploit together in the most effective way possible .
This report is quite clear on that point .
In view of the fact that there are alternative solutions - the technological need is therefore a real one , but it can be fulfilled by other additives - and that , in addition , after <unk> , after the use of these products , the residues in the form of organic products are not , a <unk> , harmless , we consider that these additives cannot be approved either .
We have to recognise that true peace is still a long way off for this country .
We have already seen some good election results .
In addition , the battle against illegal immigration must be stepped up .
The mid-term revision of these Community support frameworks , currently covering the period 1994-1999 , can provide an opportunity to emphasize this orientation .
Are any of the Member States really in such a situation ?
There are already concerns that plants in <unk> <unk> ( <unk> ) , <unk> and <unk> face an unnecessary and uncertain future .
That will benefit the European project , the success of which we all certainly believe in and wish for .
For those fundamental reasons , and to protect the interests of consumers on the European market by maintaining a <unk> of flows from the Union , the ACP countries and third countries , in the context of genuine and sustained competition based on an adequate number of operators , we ask you to accept all the proposed amendments .
.
– The next item is the joint debate on The conciliation process was a difficult one , given the highly <unk> positions involved , and the outcome was satisfactory but inadequate , particularly as regards the parameters that have now become mandatory .
This means that the Council is unable to express a position .
I therefore feel most encouraged by the ideas which have emerged in this debate , and which show that in Parliament there is a strong desire to support the effective , proactive implementation of the ideas of equal opportunities , tolerance and the fundamental rejection of racism , anti-Semitism and <unk> .
I think the Commission needs to pursue an active policy here and should say that it is compulsory to use certain agricultural products in the interests of the environment .
I also reject any attempt to exclude Turkey for cultural or religious reasons , <unk> Turkey &apos;s European history and the decisive contribution her membership would make to peace and unity in Europe , provided the democratic requirements are fulfilled .
We know Afghanistan is not far away , and we know it is the world &apos; s largest producer of <unk> , so we can well imagine the role played by these political <unk> , which are not necessarily simply political , in the expansion of the drug trade .
You also made reference to the Stability Pact .
Allow me to mention two examples : the transition from the principle of unanimity to the principle of majority voting during the taking of decisions in the Council is necessary chiefly because of the <unk> enlargement , At the same time , however , this transition is meaningless if we do not maintain some basic exceptions in support of the principle of unanimity in constitutional matters .
There was very clear and strong support for the substitution of PVC .
It will be .
One of the things I hear most often from my constituents is how difficult it is to get hold of structural funding , in particular for small voluntary organisations or firms .
I just want to discuss it with you , no more and no less .
We do not <unk> either the content of the political importance of these acts , but - I want to stress this - without a revolution , cultural as well , which goes beyond traditional instruments of international law and also beyond the historical nationalistic inertia which <unk> the legal systems , it will be very difficult for the measures , however good , to produce satisfactory results .
The EU must play a key role in this .
The policy on drugs must be approached from different angles .
This will require a thorough and sustained effort throughout the negotiations .
A little self-criticism then !
Less than a short hour ago , I issued a piece of advice in the Committee on Budgetary Control .
I refer to countries such as Ukraine , Belarus and to the countries of the Southern Caucasus .
The value of sheepmeat is enhanced by its having a value in the market , by Irish sheepmeat &apos;s having a reputation in Europe .
The end of December is only three months away , and it seems unthinkable to unify everything suddenly .
We are well aware , since we are the representatives of the nation States , that the Member States are , by nature , <unk> monsters , so <unk> that they only very rarely back down in the face of war , especially when seeing where they stand in the power stakes leads them to assume an <unk> <unk> , which is the case today of the United States which is <unk> potential conflict situations , throughout the world , in the simple , albeit acknowledged aim of achieving world domination .
If the Swedish parliament had voted no to a Treaty amendment , would we not want that to be respected by the other EU countries ?
That is why we argue that internationally consistent and coherent biometric data should be an automatic part of our visas , passports and identity cards where we have them – and I would even suggest driving licences as well .
It will not necessarily make companies perform better or more <unk> , and it will not necessarily cut out criminal or <unk> behaviour , but it will set down a series of criteria for corporate behaviour that are likely to enhance transparency , accountability and systems of business conduct , which in turn give the wider world , shareholders , stakeholders and others an idea of what is going on .
In general , we tried to work towards a strategy for the protection of the marine environment consistent with European legislation and with the present condition of European waters .
We know that was a very difficult decision , that there are many Member States with genuine concerns , and it is a great credit to the British Foreign Secretary that he was able to keep that process on schedule .
The <unk> for all these things can only be to address the problem of unemployment and work , which cannot of course be dealt with on the basis of the <unk> model of shared unemployment or by creating <unk> &apos; governed by a regime of labour and security dumping .
Given that we are currently reforming the CFP , given that farmers are being encouraged to commit themselves to multifunctionality , that the rural economy is to be protected through diversification , and given that the important role played by women in this diversification was recognised , for example , at the meeting of the Agriculture Council of 27 May 2002 , I would like to ask the Commissioner if he believes that perhaps the Commission should hold a similar discussion with regard to the reform of the common fisheries policy , because - as I have said many times - the number of women active in this sector is tremendous .
We share the concerns of the European Parliament about the local elections there .
On Saturday , 16 October , I sent you an urgent message in connection with the arrest of Leyla Zana ’ s <unk> when they returned home from the celebration during the plenary meeting in Brussels .
I can understand if food safety has to be the point of departure , but surely links must be established with other areas , such as the environment , health and such like .
That is something that should be looked at .
The Russia of today – it has to be said – is in the process of leaving democracy behind .
Finally , Mr President , one of the first people to propose working time legislation was <unk> <unk> .
Natura 2000 must not be implemented at the expense of the common agricultural policy or rural development .
The internal economy rightly follows the aim of market integration on the one hand .
There is at present an enormous tax burden when businesses are handed on from one generation to the next .
It follows that a host Member State may not issue identity cards , in the strict sense of the word , to non national EU citizens .
and demonstrated our respect for Ukrainians , who showed enormous courage and determination in defending the values which are shared by people from Ukraine to Portugal and throughout our entire continent .
<unk> and inadequate information was also the most common cause of complaint .
<unk> work to <unk> the objectives and activity of the Central Bank is essential if we wish to start gradually <unk> European integration so that it really can respond to the needs and aspirations of the people of Europe .
– <unk> <unk> are not environmentally sound .
I voted for Mr Jarzembowski &apos; s excellent report with pleasure , for there is nothing more relevant to Europe and to bringing together its citizens than the railways .
This is important because , by this procedure , the new developments in the medical field can be properly taken into account .
There will be no public report on the discussions : each side will report to their own quarter on the content of the meeting .
The dock workers understand well that we are not implementing competition but a terrible mechanism to reduce prices and salaries .
Anyone who looks at developments in South Africa can see that things are going <unk> , that social conditions are getting worse and worse , that social conflict can be expected when <unk> takes over from Mandela , because the people who were promised the <unk> can be given nothing .
It makes the position clear .
Unfortunately Parliament has nothing to do with the tax questions and nothing to say on them .
Amendment No 5 from the Commission was a commitology amendment and we <unk> it .
This <unk> the concept of &quot; raison d <unk> &quot; which the Council of Europe has spent the last <unk> seeking to eradicate .
Thank you for your answer .
The European Union &apos;s relations with the <unk> Government have progressed over the last two years , after the difficult situation in late 2001 , and a dialogue on the internal situation and on the peace process has been <unk> .
Amendment No 7 The report makes a number of constructive criticisms , many of which will appear on the agenda during the discussions on the reform of the Structural Funds launched by the recent forum on cohesion .
It is surprising that a country with such a long legal tradition and so many lawyers per square metre as the US can consider <unk> its citizens from liability to prosecution for such serious crimes .
However , I consider that , in the interim report that the Commission is due to present to us in 2006 , not only should the continued presence of the reasons <unk> the derogation be assessed , but Community rules concerning State aid should also be taken into consideration and the continued derogation should be conditional on the effective restructuring of the sector .
You have talked about a first phase agreement on the issue , and you have talked about a second phase that will take into due consideration a number of factors that we wish to emphasise , regarding quality , <unk> , protection and tradition .
Obviously , sectors such as research and the environment impact directly on public health and proper account must be taken of them in action programmes .
The PPE Group can accept the procedure provided for in Article 9 for charging interest for late payment and it can accept the level of interest , but not the change to the ceiling that <unk> the scope of the simplified procedures for taking legal action for the settlement of debts , a figure which is vital for the way in which the Member States organise these special procedures .
If the last reform had had the 45 % modulation in the upper range that was once mooted , we would now have a difference of 35 % to 55 % .
A future Euro-Mediterranean stability pact could include , among others , a contractual commitment to acknowledge and respect the territorial integrity of all the Mediterranean partner states and a clause on establishing a <unk> zone throughout the Mediterranean <unk> .
That is why we are calling on you , Mr President , Mr Alexander and the Commission , to launch a European initiative to re-open the debate on the Dayton Agreements .
A key element of the proposal is to create conditions of equality , so that there can be fair competition between companies based on the <unk> principal , which takes into account external and infrastructure costs .
The content of the second generation of education and training programmes was decided on the basis of the discussion on the White Paper on teaching and learning , by the Green Paper on <unk> mobility and by the Europe of <unk> programme .
<unk> have been imprisoned , as have active trade <unk> .
Amendments Nos 2 , 29 , 30 and 32 can also be accepted in part .
Moreover , the report also recognises the valid and worthwhile role that local and regional authorities can play in the process of job creation .
We welcome your emphasis today on reform of the Members &apos; Statute .
I should like to thank the Finnish Presidency , Prime Minister <unk> and all his team for their very important contribution .
The European Union will have to pull out all the stops to get rid of this shortage against the background of the millennium issue .
Others voted positively in order to support the demand for a Europe based on <unk> roots , a debate that is currently raging in the Convention .
And , finally , it applies to genetic <unk> and interventions on the human <unk> .
To conclude , I would like to draw your attention , Mr President , to a provision in the report which I feel is very important .
Thus it is that legal cooperation and cooperation on criminal matters must also strictly respect fundamental rights , principles which lie at very root of our culture and our civilisation : I am thinking of fair trials , and more particularly of the rights of the defence , of the <unk> and integrity of judges , of the length of legal proceedings , for which my country , Italy , unfortunately has the worst record in terms of the number of sentences handed down , of the cases pending before the European Court of Human Rights .
On a final note , I would like to let Mr Doorn and your Parliament know that the amendments are acceptable to the Commission .
It cannot be denied that we face a threat and in order to protect our open way of life we must prevent terrorism and protect our citizens .
70 % of the drugs that arrive in Europe come from Afghanistan .
For this reason , I proposed that people be issued with an introductory guide to mobility .
It would not seem justified to exempt this rather small category of persons from basic market integrity standards which apply to all the other market participants .
In that respect , I believe that the ethical boundaries are defined very well .
I in turn wish to assure the inhabitants of <unk> and Mr <unk> &apos; s <unk> of the European Union &apos; s intention to fight on their behalf against the scourge of terrorism , which represents a real threat to our democracies .
Could you ask the House if wishes to continue voting or if it wishes to stop ?
The situation has been made more acute by the attack on the American cultural centre in <unk> , which is suspected to have been the work of <unk> Muslim <unk> .
This is in itself good news .
The proposal for a directive aims to serve that purpose .
The Feira Summit was just such an occasion - a pure media event , to use the <unk> word .
It is also important for asylum-seekers to quickly obtain legal security .
.
<unk> in the face of eradication is synonymous with intellectual <unk> .
In the matter of the Commission &apos; s research personnel , they suggest a different establishment plan .
The Council must bear most of the responsibility for this , but I have to say that the Commission has reacted very , very <unk> to the humiliation <unk> on its President by successive decisions from the Council .
We are not doing this under the Commission &apos;s present initiative , which lacks both the necessary measures and the necessary finance .
The German authorities have continued to charge Iranian officials with responsibility for the killing of Kurdish leaders in Berlin in 1992 and there have been allegations about the importation of weapons even into Belgium , possibly for <unk> there .
Have we got a Stability and Growth Pact or not ?
I believe that this Charter on Fundamental Rights must be discussed carefully and that it should not <unk> the rights of the child from the parents &apos; rights , the rights of the family and the parents &apos; right to educate their children in the family .
I share the aim of wanting to reinforce the capacity of the Community to deal with <unk> diseases .
I believe that this is of a piece with the decision we made last year and may be regarded as a successful outcome .
For example , the development of exchanges at university level is something we can easily achieve , specifically by extending the scope of the <unk> programme .
<unk> million <unk> are abandoned to their sorry fate , without even a guarantee that their daily needs will be met .
We should also point out that , where reforms are being introduced , suitable institutional and administrative mechanisms and the funds are lacking or the laws passed are not applied .
This has already started to happen , slowly but surely , because the governments are increasing their commitment all the time , and at the same time the <unk> of public opinion in many EU Member States is accelerating and will , I hope , soon spread to all of them .
I have in mind the presumption of conformity , that is to say that if products comply with European standards they are considered to be safe .
The debate is closed .
No-one denies that there are important issues of concern relating to Turkey and these are well dealt with by compromises in the text in the Eurlings report .
This Parliament has the right of codecision on this proposal .
It also represents the future of the European project , within the framework of which we must work together and the benefits of which we must constantly , on a daily basis , explain to our citizens , in order that we can earn their support .
We want to see this take place basically through extensive analysis and substantial <unk> in terms of the causes of such a wide range of offences , which are usually associated with a policy of service privatisation , but which are fundamentally linked to the imbalance between the extensive powers granted to the Commission and the limited democratic control of these powers .
Europe must make it clear to <unk> that he cannot break his word with impunity .
It will enable us to benefit from the economies of scale achieved through development of the Galileo system .
But , speaking , as I do , for the real and responsible Conservative delegation of MEPs who believe in constructive engagement in this House and in Europe , I want to thank the Presidency for the Prime Minister ’ s statement .
Madam President , I would like to say , with reference to Mr <unk> &apos;s report on the opening up of the motor trade and <unk> services , that I take a thoroughly positive view of the initiatives taken by the Commission and by Commissioner Monti .
That is why we now want to increase the resources for developing dialogue between the two sides of industry .
If so , how do they intend to reinforce it ?
Every life is important and <unk> to us , but the situation in Indonesia has already claimed thousands of lives .
.
Mr President , animal protection should be moved immediately from the agricultural heading and from Article 37 .
The first type of cooperation , principally <unk> through <unk> , is showing very positive results .
Women still earn less than men .
To the best of my knowledge , unless I am very much mistaken , the dock workers &apos; presence relates to a draft directive on the internal market .
( 3 ) Parliament must insist that France and the United Kingdom take an active and serious part in these disarmament efforts and proposals .
First of all , there is Strasbourg .
An example of this is the issue of feeding <unk> to cattle .
You see , ladies and gentlemen , if we succeed in concluding the agreement – the talks are taking place in two parts and we start tomorrow ; I cannot say whether an agreement will be reached , but I hope it will – we shall in any case need it to enter into force straight away , even while we wait for certain ratification procedures , which in some countries will take time , as Mr <unk> pointed out .
.
I would therefore like to hear you speak about the organisation of the agendas , for it would appear quite incredible that a debate should be opened on the feasibility or usefulness of a framework directive under the current Treaties , even if the aim of the debate is to achieve the recognition of and basis for a European approach to public services in the future Treaty .
This is essential , since SMEs form <unk> % of all firms and employ 66 % of the European workforce .
Sustainable economic , social and political development in Africa is a common concern , essential to Europe ’ s future .
The year by which this objective is to be achieved , namely 2010 , has however been left out of the European Parliament &apos; s Amendment .
That does , therefore , raise the question of how we can turn development aid into helping people to help themselves , into helping our small and medium-sized enterprises ?
I can tell you that I have been at sea recently on board Her <unk> ’ s ships with women who are navigation officers , <unk> , filling all sorts of complex and senior roles within the British armed forces .
We want it to be up-to-date and forward-looking .
In the territory of Member States of the European Union , applicant countries or Member States of <unk> , there may be <unk> between the various Community initiatives .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I entirely agree with Parliament .
Mr President , I think that in the past few days we can finally say that the spirit of <unk> is not quite so heavy in the air in this House .
I also think it is important , however , that we now obtain a provisional ban on the use of the other five substances .
But I would urge you to go further and ensure that this unique opportunity is <unk> .
Mr President , the common strategy on Latin America is a strategy that may contain highly novel elements for Europe in this ever more complicated world .
The basis of the regulation is to provide those people from one Member State living or working in another with the same right to social security provision as a national living in that Member State .
I also want to invite you , as a thought for the future , to remember that the Community budget , set this year in anticipation of next year , will involve <unk> % of GDP , there being 25 Member States .
We should see to it - including by means of today &apos;s debate - that this existing intergovernmental method , in other words open coordination , is converted into a Community method .
I cannot endorse the <unk> report , because I do not think that asylum policy should be a matter for the EU .
It calls on the Commission to bring forward a range of <unk> initiatives , including the following : reducing emissions from shipping ; reducing emissions of <unk> from agricultural use ; the extension of integrated pollution prevention and control measures for smaller units ; more stringent emissions standards for vehicles , and the implementation of a national emissions ceiling directive .
In that document we will outline how we will facilitate the status process with appropriate financial resources , something on which the Commission would like to work closely with Parliament .
The same applies to commercial and association agreements .
But we were in the extremely <unk> position of having to make amendments on the basis of a report which did not yet exist .
After all , it is a good method to try to begin with those projects which have been around the longest , thereby avoiding a situation in which , as a result of trying to take on too much , we end up by not achieving very much at all .
Aid to Afghanistan for peaceful future development of that country is a new task for which the European Union should , and will , assume responsibility .
The working group proposed that a separate instrument should be set up to promote human rights , but I regret to say that this proposal was rejected .
After all , people in employment are best placed to meet their own basic needs .
Mr President , I very much regret , also on behalf of my group , that a minority has succeeded in introducing <unk> ideological factors into the resolution concerning necessary changes to the way in which patent law keeps pace with biotechnology .
However , I recommend all colleagues to reject the proposal of the Committee on Budgets in respect of budget line <unk> , which bears the abbreviated title &quot; Promotion of tourism &apos; .
What purpose will interim evaluations serve if the programme is fixed for so long ?
It is now a question of the best way to do it .
I concede , however , that the political situation has not been conducive to going that far and I therefore give my unreserved support to the <unk> report currently before us .
Why are there calls for gender budgeting ?
The mid-term review before us is characterised by the conclusions of the last Brussels Spring European Council , which were that results have been modest in terms of the targets that were set .
This is a moral and ethical matter which has great symbolic value .
It was extremely important to inform these countries on the ensuing situation and of the precautionary measures taken by the Commission and to keep them updated on an on-going basis .
In relation to the access to medical and veterinary products for horses , we also have to take into account the whole issue of animal welfare problems .
This will be achieved , in particular , by reinforcing the deployment and development of high yield renewable energy technologies and of new fuels .
Rather , we must understand it as a distribution of duties and not as <unk> .
Six - this is a very important point and I hope that it will be retained - all <unk> and express delivery services , which have contributed to a sharp increase in accidents in the transport sector , are included in the regulation .
Therefore , in connection with such discussions , the question should finally be raised : Who should pay for it ?
For example , what has become of the principle of prevention ?
At the end of April 2001 , 143 prisoners were released from <unk> prison .
Mr President , President Prodi has described three fundamental points of the programme and , in general , I support the overall line taken .
It is quite ridiculous that we sometimes have to go to Stockholm to find out what happened at a Council meeting .
<unk> divorce <unk> and judgements regarding parental responsibility will solve the legal and administrative problems with which citizens are confronted on a daily basis .
In foreign relations it gives priority to the integration of a <unk> framework .
I do not know if you are aware , for example , that for a week they have not been provided with any kind of food and that 48 hours ago two of them have had to be taken to the <unk> hospital urgently with serious pains .
The Commission is pursuing this goal in the Council &apos;s working group .
While <unk> have occurred in <unk> and <unk> , the rest of the country is dry and may continue to be dry until May 1998 .
Thank you , Commissioner .
The flexibility of the labour market which you call for is synonymous with job insecurity , with deterioration of working conditions and with social regression .
Hence , also the green amendment to establish one regulation for both mothers and fathers so that fathers can look after their children more but are also protected in the same way .
For the poor countries , this is one way of making a fast buck , but offers no solutions in the long run .
In reality , there is very little reason to conduct energy policy at EU level .
Mr <unk> , I do not share your view that we have already determined the common direction precisely and laid down precise timetables .
Mr President , I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate the rapporteurs , and in particular Mrs Miguélez , because I am going to refer to her report , but not because the report of the chairman of the committee is not magnificent .
I believe that Parliament will have to give its opinion on the Commission ’ s proposal and that , once the new Parliament is constituted in July – and this is what I want to ask the Commissioner – I believe that in September – as he has said – it may be in the operational stage .
I have a second reason for firmly rejecting the principle of creating a reserve : this is a proposal based on preliminary documents whose data are completely arbitrary : they do not , and cannot , take into account uncertainties in the weather , variations in world currencies and the results of free trade agreements .
I think that we are talking in terms of adding the <unk> , finishing touches to a directive that mainly deals with the position of employees .
It is also important for me that the preamble refers quite clearly to <unk> / religious principles , because anyone who denies his roots cannot grow and if you cannot grow , you cannot <unk> .
The EU must take action on the issue of Belarus , we must not remain mere newspaper <unk> .
But we must be careful !
The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development has studied this legislative motion for a resolution extremely promptly and with great interest , and has approved it unanimously .
More steps must follow soon .
I am convinced that these proposals and suggestions on the part of the Commission can in any event set the right tone in order to accommodate the concerns that have been expressed here and also by others elsewhere , if we were to take a decision on this in December .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , I wish to thank the rapporteur , Mr Elles , who has <unk> come to the conclusion that we should not at present give discharge to the Commission in respect of the 1996 budget .
Does the Commission plan to <unk> the post of Director of OLAF ?
This is exactly what we are doing today , with Parliament therefore being the first to be informed of the discussion .
If we are serious about tackling organized crime we have to ensure more effective coordination throughout the European Union before we can properly start cooperating with third countries .
I do not think that initiating a conciliation process with the Council will produce a better result , especially as it will not solve the two issues that I have mentioned .
This means that a great deal of care should be taken when drafting resolutions on science and technology .
The reason why they are refusing to do it is that these policy areas – the security of external borders , asylum , the law on citizenship , freedom of establishment and movement , police and justice policy – give them an opportunity to say to their citizens : ‘ It is we – not anyone else – who hold the <unk> of power in this state . ’ This is the main thrust of the message that the Commission wishes to give to you today , whilst we , of course , fully respect your autonomy in how you choose to amend your own rules .
The euro is launched .
Subject : <unk> of <unk> people to travel in the EU The free movement of Member States &apos; citizens in the EU is a fundamental right .
That concludes the explanations of vote .
Mr President , Commissioner , we live in the information age , and new channels of communication are constantly opening up .
But if the rapporteur intends to use the Transport Committee &apos;s compromise decision and the <unk> of the issue in the press this week as a way of finally burying discussion on the <unk> of external costs - and it is the press coverage which has given me that impression - then I have to say that my group will not go along with that ; because while there may be problems with some elements of the Commission proposal , particularly as regards the charging structure , the overall intention means an improvement in the whole approach to transport - and , most importantly , a fairer system is to be introduced that will spread the burden of costs according to the principle that the polluter pays .
We are financing dialogue and this is where the European Commission and the Agency for Reconstruction need to be particularly careful and act in cooperation with the Republic of Cyprus and with respect for the principles of European law .
This is unnecessary and would affect our political credibility .
For this reason we need uniform regulations and we must realise that there will be particular fears if electronic money is issued not just against cash holdings or similar bank account holdings , but if <unk> is given on credit .
This being the case , I suppose I shall have to bring myself to give my approval in the end to the reports on the reform of the common agricultural policy in the framework of Agenda 2000 , and thereby to give the green light for the political decision of the agriculture ministers and the Berlin summit to be adopted in legislative form by the Council .
This was definitely made easier by long-term contact with foreign partners .
We need to be able to prosecute people who commit fraud against the European Union .
In order to strengthen public confidence and thus to achieve increased consumption in Europe , every effort must be made to ensure that the Member States can benefit from the funds released by the introduction of the euro to finance measures designed to combat unemployment .
The second amendment concerns the proposal on the criteria to be taken into account in the event of a waiver of recovery of an established debt .
Then there is agriculture .
I will turn now to the measures for tropical diseases , which have also been mentioned .
With regard to Mr <unk> ’ s cases , I will approach them separately with reference to the name of the court from which they have been referred .
I hope that Parliament will support our intentions here and thus also our statement .
Hundreds of thousands of people came out on the streets , actively representing a <unk> European civil society .
For economic growth , independence and freedom of action are essential with more , not less , national flexibility .
The new doctrine of preventive war , launched by the chief <unk> , Richard <unk> , the Lord of <unk> , has also shaken the foundations of NATO .
Therefore , the increase in the budget should , in our view , be accompanied by an extension of the programme &apos;s application period .
But it is the Council that must take the final decision .
We had great expectations for this communication because we all knew that the Member States had made almost no progress in the field since the Lisbon Council .
The directive does not confer any comitology powers on the Commission .
The most effective controls are those that are carried out at the levels closest to the taxpayers .
It should be noted that this is the first time that the draft budget has exceeded the EUR 100 billion mark in commitments .
I would therefore very much recommend that we support the Commission &apos; s proposal , together with Mr Davies &apos; report .
Parliament will find it is in good company if it does .
I said that coordination is necessary , but I do not believe that this has to be incompatible with subsidiarity .
This bilateral approach simply aims to examine the conformity of the different schemes with the <unk> which was established at the time the decision was taken to approve the French scheme , based on the four specific compatibility criteria .
Either through poor administration or delayed planning of what should happen and what should be approved by the European authorities , and perhaps in conjunction with the national authorities , we are behind on spending on structural funding both for <unk> and rural areas .
<unk> , just a minute !
China ’ s economic dynamism and its consequences for the European economy has highlighted how powerless the European institutions are to defend fragile industrial sectors such as the textiles industry .
I would also like to remind you that there was still some hope that the meeting that took place in April , to which Mr Mann has already referred , between the leaders of the <unk> State and the <unk> of the <unk> <unk> Church of Vietnam ( <unk> ) , could lead to greater understanding on the part of the State as regards religious freedom .
.
Commission , I really have to say that I fail to grasp the meaning of this ; I think that the Commission , like Parliament , is bound by the Council &apos;s brief , although it , like we , cannot say so out loud .
This <unk> continues for new BSE cases .
All police work involves violating the integrity of those who are suspected of a crime .
There are measures which would strengthen our ties with these countries and the security of our supplies of gas .
We have to get out of the conflict in Iraq and remove any excuse for the occupation which , far from ensuring security , peace and justice for the Iraqi people , has led to fighting and shameful acts , costs the public <unk> a fortune , damages interests and increases <unk> , endangering the security , peace and prosperity of the peoples of Europe .
The situation is that in some of these countries , including my own country , Portugal , several worrying cases have arisen .
However , problems do exist .
In recent years , the objective of economic and social cohesion has been pursued with good planning and a certain political will , favouring a continuous development of the European regions .
The problems to solve in the area of organ <unk> are quite different .
It is , I think , something of an <unk> to say that the radio and television stations do not create works , but do nothing more than <unk> them .
While accepting this approach , I would like to make two observations .
Secondly , speculative capital is extremely difficult to identify .
The confusion about the future of the African Union is very serious : it is <unk> , <unk> and finding it very difficult to operate .
It is evident that the recent developments in Iran reflect the internal power struggle between moderate <unk> and conservative <unk> .
Many of the new amendments that have been tabled seeking to shift the final date in the common position from <unk> to <unk> will not be supported by the Commission , since we believe that the existing dates achieve our environmental ambition and would allow industry sufficient time for compliance .
That may not be the case .
In these difficult times we must set aside our differences and provide the European Union with the means required to build a more solid framework of cooperation , one which will allow us to make joint decisions and to pool our resources .
And in the Middle East we have to continue in our attempt to find a solution that will ensure the security of the State of Israel &apos; s borders , but which will also allow the Palestinian State to function and to be respected .
The mother tongue is not merely a tool of communication , it is in fact more than anything else , it is thought itself .
We are being asked preferably to come up with specific proposals today and to speak about exactly what will happen .
You are right , Mr Martinez .
In view of the fact that Mr Lehne proposes to strengthen the role of company directors , it is quite obvious that Members may want to declare that before speaking .
It is the first treaty between the European Union and a third country which is based on respect for and observance of human rights .
The question is , does Turkey fulfil the requirements from this point of view ?
I am simply telling you that the Commission is in the process of tackling this problem , which exists , before proposing to Parliament , under the codecision procedure , a draft amendment and draft directive .
We offer good care for addicts , and we have developed many good initiatives as regards demand , but that is where it ends .
These are the same governments with which we must deliberate on the advent of a generation of senior citizens very advanced in years .
Today ’ s resolution of the European Parliament is an important reinforcement of the fact that the rule of law and observing the rights of the minorities are preconditions of a partnership between the European Union and Serbia .
I therefore welcome the fact that this House voted by a majority against cutting off resources .
Access to the Schengen database is reserved exclusively for the Member States of the European Union .
There is no reason to assume that the coexistence of the agency and the Commission delegation in the same country leads to an overlap .
They are not <unk> , but form one body , whose feet are firmly <unk> on the ground and which is prepared , with great pragmatism , to imagine a responsible and challenging future for Europe .
First of all , people imagine that if there is some <unk> capital scheme it is bound to mean a guarantee of financial support .
The Constitution will mean a <unk> multiannual financial framework , and I would like a common vision for the next programming period to be our first step on this path .
For the next four hours , the girl &apos;s mother and her <unk> and <unk> <unk> were forced to continuously <unk> the <unk> of Robert Mugabe and watch while the <unk> <unk> was <unk> by a <unk> of five so-called <unk> <unk> &apos; and the <unk> behind the <unk> until <unk> in the morning .
Mr President , today I have rather more time than my group usually allows me .
I believe we should also be taking a look at conventional farming , and so I personally wish to support Mr Sturdy &apos;s amendments .
( DE ) Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , members of the Commission here present , ladies and gentlemen , I see that Members understand me as always , and so , having got my <unk> <unk> over with , I will get on with what I have to say .
There is also a Russian undertaking to take certain steps to improve human rights in Chechnya , which include reducing the number of troops present , putting an end to what are known as <unk> and , as I said before , allowing prosecutors to observe military operations .
<unk> , forward rate agreements and other financial derivatives may , in some cases , reduce the cost of government borrowing and are , as such , useful tools for debt management .
We shall not dwell upon the already well-known points of disagreement between us concerning <unk> and excessive budgetary restraint , but we should like to highlight another aspect : the way in which the labour market works continually against the workers &apos; interests and <unk> them as though they were the cause of all our ills .
In November , our Parliament tabled its proposal with a huge majority .
We ought to have had a proper debate after Christmas when both she and the President of the Council could have been present and then we could have looked forward as well as backwards .
In my opinion , the approval and scrutiny of classification societies must be tightened up .
The Council has ignored this finding by the Commission and repeated the same view in the trialogue in early April .
At this stage , it is perhaps preferable to bring about a working relationship with the services for victim support , rather than putting in a text the principle of a &apos;green number &apos; , which would be likely to have no future .
Also , Mr <unk> <unk> was very right in what he said about the importance of not discouraging countries that have applied .
We are voting for the <unk> report on the link between cohesion policy and culture and the promotion of employment for a number of reasons , and we highlight the following : If the Commission wants people to accept these products , why does it not give people what they want , which is simplicity and clarity .
For the monthly <unk> of cereals , it proposes a two-stage reduction of 7.5 % for the equivalent reduction of the intervention price , which was decided on under Agenda 2000 , which is unacceptable to various Member States particularly because , at the Berlin Council , the commitment was given to maintain monthly <unk> at their current level .
We must pay attention , however , to the textile industry , where I believe there is an issue emerging that is also political in nature .
They collapse and people lose jobs and our social security bill increases .
( NL ) Mr President , before we commence with the voting , I would like to ask you if you could ask the services to revise the language versions in the final version with due care .
The current financial situation is <unk> up to the end of 2006 ; the Commission must present a proposal before July 2005 and the agreement must be reached before May 2006 .
In this respect as well , we are counting on you and on your representative , Ambassador <unk> , to try , against the backdrop of increasingly uncontrolled violent outbreaks , to make the conciliatory voice of Europe heard .
It must be said , however , that in many cases this reduction has been implemented in an <unk> manner , without thorough examination of the specific nature and problems of the institutions ’ work .
There are a number of questions that we need to ask .
We shall also work towards sending an <unk> commission to the area as quickly as possible to collect evidence relating to the responsibility for deeds of terror that were committed in the wake of the referendum .
We could implement a number of incentives to this end .
This extension should be able to convince them .
On the other hand , we are at a crucial stage , as there is the prospect of achieving agreement at first reading between the Parliament and the Council .
Fisheries It is also right and proper , ladies and gentlemen , that we should emphasize the fact that the most important contribution has come from European citizens and from non-governmental organizations .
We must make a decision .
Firstly , control is required of all countries .
Mr President , I would just like to say that I support Amendment No 48 , although you may have been informed otherwise in another context .
Madam President , the Group of the European People &apos;s Party therefore supports the resolution wholeheartedly .
In particular , we need to remove obstacles to mobility for young people and to make it easier for them settle wherever they wish .
Now three different languages are spoken there but they can still understand each other and there is now increased and better communication between them .
We have reached an impasse .
I would remind the <unk> and those who are against Turkey that starting negotiations with that country will greatly increase our security with regard to terrorism , which is a threat that we shall still have to face for many years .
Of course , the same applies to competitive <unk> , where <unk> sometimes <unk> themselves with the same hormones that cattle are <unk> with .
In my Amendments Nos 19 and 26 , I have given a far from exhaustive list of the limits which commercial communication service providers should observe .
Only 10 % is spent on new innovative research .
We need to introduce economic and social models that are not ‘ <unk> ’ , and emphasise cooperation with other continents ; as we can see , this is quite different from becoming involved in trade wars that have nothing to do with our future .
( DA ) The Danish Social Democrats today voted for the <unk> report , but we are opposed to two points regarding the question of applying the country of origin or destination principle .
We want to know the truth , nothing more than the truth .
Commissioner , this endeavour will not end with the approval of these regulations but must commence from their approval , with cooperation and commitment from all Member States .
Our strategy was to understand the dynamics of the Islamic law of Sharia .
During the second half of the twentieth century , world manufacturing increased <unk> and global trade increased <unk> , showing that international trade is necessary for development .
In fact I am sure the Council and the Commission will say that the reports actually violate the Financial Regulation .
But all of that is happening today .
I will only mention some of them , such as a specific instrument to contribute to democracy : the democratic <unk> , financial or material aid to improve the functioning of democratically elected parliaments and a better representation of the opposition .
We are developing our foreign policy cooperation .
We must ensure that this is maintained by creating the framework for a thorough and sober debate on enlargement , both in our own countries and in the new Member States .
I should also insist on the fact that a genuine European policy on immigration and asylum will not exist - over and above the legislative framework - unless national policies also converge in practice and in pursuit of common objectives .
He said that Europe would not be achieved in one go or in the construction of a whole , but by practical achievements creating de facto solidarity .
Indeed , I do not believe that the future of rail transport requires increased liberalization .
The Court constantly needs to translate texts , submit them , publish them and make them known in the different Community languages .
Think of <unk> !
The report also favours the setting up of particularly sensitive sea areas under the auspices of the IMO , which is what France wants .
I admit that .
We have placed our faith in the multilateral regime for disarmament and in non-proliferation treaties and agreements .
Yes , we need to do everything to re-establish a strong , democratic and sovereign Lebanese state and to disarm all the armed militias .
At that time , we received <unk> <unk> .
<unk> conditions and natural disasters play but a marginal part in mass <unk> .
.
We shall be tabling proposals that reflect the broader aspect of the capital markets , and following closely the work under way in <unk> .
This is what I said yesterday and I stand by it .
The Portuguese Presidency is now coming to an end and sincerely hopes that the subsequent French and Swedish Presidencies will continue the work which we have together managed to achieve so that they represent the next stage in the consolidation of women &apos; s rights .
For instance , to name but one , the recent threat of E. <unk> <unk> probably emerged in South America .
Perhaps when it all began it could be <unk> on grounds of ignorance about the effects of smoking - but not in 1998 .
His knowledge of fisheries does not surprise me , given that his many talents allow him to speak about fisheries with a remarkable breadth of knowledge .
Why are we doing this ?
I was extremely pleased to note that the European Parliament by and large shares the analysis of its rapporteurs , Mr Oostlander , Mr Barón Crespo and Mr Colom i Naval .
Furthermore , the general proposal of bringing down barriers to the entry of foreign service providers is liable to reduce the quality of services rendered to the public , as regards ensuring that organic food is supplied to school <unk> , for instance , and the actual licensing of certain services .
The right of coercion over populations - it must also be remembered - should not lead to the right to <unk> them .
Then there is the implementation of pilot projects and preparatory actions .
This new Constitution that we shall adopt , I hope , by referendum will , as I see it , have one great virtue : that of finally existing .
For year after year we have only been able to spend 40 % or less of what we have committed in the Mediterranean , partly because of absorption problems in the region , partly because of our own failures , which I am keen to address .
For this reason , I believe it makes sense to remove this directive from the realm of bureaucracy .
The Treaties also point in that direction , although they allow for a more general defence policy which ties in more with the traditional line of thought of incorporating our policy into a European pillar .
I commend him on it .
After this oral amendment was rejected , all of the amendments tabled in this House by the Left were adopted , yet the Left abstained from the final overall vote , which is evidence of their intention to manipulate an important overview of human rights to their own ends .
I do not , however , wish to <unk> its importance , since what is involved here is merely a very small part of a larger whole .
Mr President , first of all the Commissioner is being very <unk> with his answers .
The <unk> exemption unfortunately shows that the UK Government has learned nothing from that experience and workers in Wales will continue to be amongst the most vulnerable in Europe to job losses .
But a number of people have raised this matter .
I am delighted , Commissioner , that you referred specifically to this , but I would like to point out to you that valuable work has been carried out by the Committee on Women &apos;s Rights and Gender Equality , not only in the opinion attached to the report , but also in a report drafted in 2002 , which formed the basis for the first regional women &apos;s programme in the Mediterranean which we have today .
Under the Rules , no change should be made because I did not receive a request in writing .
Of course , such measures cannot be adopted in a uniform and centralised manner but must leave enough scope for initiatives from professionals working in the sector .
The proposal being considered at present suggests a number of issues , interests and concerns that are addressed by Parliament .
We have just experienced an enlargement without prior deepening .
In the <unk> there is an integrated gas market .
They improve the text of the Directive .
I will be somewhere else , but naturally I will be following the debates in question extremely closely .
These are <unk> as a result of Russian <unk> .
In consequence , the Commission will recommend the opening of negotiations on condition that its political institutions demonstrate their ability to function in a stable and democratic manner .
We hope that the Commission will devote the necessary attention to this in its future proposals .
It is for this reason that the delegation of the Austrian Freedom Party has voted in favour of this report and of Amendments Nos 1 , 2 and 4 in particular .
This is a directive which provides for a maximum permissible working time of 48 hours a week when , at the time of its adoption , the basic working time was 40 hours ( with the result that only in England and Ireland did it lead to a reduction in working time ) .
The defence of Cuba is the people &apos;s affair .
It will also diminish the chances of our nations being contaminated by radiation due to a nuclear disaster .
I agree that Amendment No 13 contains good and sensible exemptions , but Amendment No 18 is also useful in the sense that it draws attention to my problem with the <unk> <unk> .
The Lithuanian Parliament passed much of it last December .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the position of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market outlined in the recommendation tabled by Mr Manders - whom I thank for the enormous amount of work he has done - takes the right line .
Therefore , we cannot accept these amendments .
Mr President , Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , as the last speaker , I would like briefly to go into four particular points again .
Consequently , in most Member States , neither the citizens not the parliaments have <unk> on the principle and conditions of enlargement .
I am delighted that the fruits of many years of work in the 15 old Member States , which are now taken for granted in these countries , are also to be <unk> by the 10 new Member States , in line with the principles of partnership and solidarity .
The extremely poor situation in respect of maritime transport must indeed be a warning to us .
I can only comment on the main aspects of the changes here .
Economic , administrative and political problems and the desire to respect the Copenhagen criteria have placed Slovenia and other countries among those which have recently tackled the various chapters on reconstruction of the administrations and the economy most vigorously .
Hence the amendments , and we hope that the debate has also demonstrated to the Commission the need for the various <unk> to be <unk> .
This is having unfortunate and obvious effects on the scope for controlling <unk> coordination , and we are all conscious that , if measures are not taken in the short term , we may end up with situations involving the kind of tensions that we witnessed just a few hours ago , and that these tensions may be <unk> in other areas of Kosovo .
Ladies and gentlemen , I wish to thank you as a Basque for this decision .
Mr President-in-Office , I want to comment on just one aspect : the harmonization of taxation .
An attempt must be made to make the Charter of Fundamental Rights legally binding .
<unk> studies will be conducted in those areas regarded as having priority .
The conflict in the <unk> region has now been continuing for eight years and has received scant public attention .
As a result of that work , I and any other citizen of Europe can see that there are patterns .
We have abstained from the vote on this report , as we have on the two previous reports on fisheries .
I doubt whether this difference resulted from differences in the degree of fear of the infection or in the number of precautionary hygiene measures or health requirements .
That is more or less where I stand .
It was agreed that the EU should engage with Russia , that we should be ready to discuss all complex issues of mutual interest , and that as part of this approach , the EU should stress that its partnership with Russia is not only driven by common interests but also founded on shared values .
The Council has indicated that it would like to see the public sector play an exemplary role in energy <unk> efficiency .
Secondly , concentration efforts are distributed equally and fairly among all Member States and are not at the expense of either rural areas or other problem regions .
One final point : international agreements are a most important part of the common fishing policy .
Thank you , Mr Monti .
I hope we will also manage to adopt the EU budget for 1999 in good time , before the end of the year .
As for the sentiment expressed by several of you to the effect that the Union &apos;s positions are not sufficiently known in certain parts of our great planet , I have taken careful note of this observation .
These are the needs and the benefits , but how do we meet these needs and obtain these benefits ?
The importance given to <unk> organizations , about which a great deal could , however , be said and the integration of our overseas departments and territories into regional groupings , thus preparing the way for a separation of these territories from their mother country .
However , it would have been a good thing if , instead of three , you had proposed five basic guidelines : not only international cooperation , not only the need for effective police cooperation , not only the need to use modern technology , but also laws and institutions for the protection of personal freedoms at the same time , together with political and social programmes to combat the phenomenon of terrorism .
That is a decision that was taken .
Mr President , Mr President-in-Office of the Council , society as a whole is currently convinced that international maritime traffic is the domain of a predatory form of capitalism that does not have the interests of society at heart and which is even criminal .
Thirdly , it is very clear that increased preparations for enlargement must be undertaken .
We are going to take care of your Commission and to those who doubt your independence , Mr President , because you will have too many socialist Commissioners , I will reply by saying that , while you have been nominated by a majority of socialist and social democratic governments , it is the Socialist Group which has been most surprised by your first public statements .
We must not put our people or our animals at unnecessary risk .
The rules governing the manner in which we compel our offenders to <unk> their ways ought to be observed there too .
This is what the women said : &apos; The deliberate killing of innocent civilians , whether Palestinian or Israeli , cannot be <unk> .
Obviously the work carried out by each of the rapporteurs and by the parliamentary committees will serve a useful purpose in providing fuel for our own discussions .
What are the real questions ?
Against this background it is to be welcomed that a number of US and European companies , including <unk> , <unk> and <unk> , have <unk> out .
<unk> can help keep a nation &apos;s major economic problems in check .
He also expressed his concern about the detention and harassment of Aung San Suu Kyi and the members of the National League for Democracy .
<unk> <unk> already take full responsibility for the healthy state of the game which they provide and will continue to do so in future .
Otherwise we will be leaving questions of taxation for the markets to decide , and that is something we surely do not want .
As far as the single market is concerned , I can say on the basis of my experience of past years in this House that we are still far from having a single market which works truly effectively in every area .
The aim of the Commission review is to decide if the agency &apos;s status and tasks need <unk> .
A few days ago , we heard from the Commission – and I am right behind them in this – that we intend to conduct accession negotiations with Croatia .
Today , if you want to accept an offer on the Internet , you will find it virtually impossible to identify the source of that offer , and if we want to make all this impossible by trying to apply the restrictive rules of traditional telephony , we might as well say <unk> to the whole business !
Who is aware of it , even though it is of crucial economic importance ?
The growth of electronic commerce is giving rise to many complex questions .
Yes , a political solution is desirable in Chechnya , and I applaud the efforts that <unk> Putin is making towards achieving it , but it will only be credible if the terrorist factions <unk> violence once and for all .
Certain donors , therefore , have a responsibility that should firstly be investigated and then met .
It is not , and I think that he was very <unk> to add this <unk> note to an otherwise more or less acceptable report .
We have asked for an in-depth parliamentary debate on this matter and I think that this House should make it one of the political priorities of the next few months .
Since 1999 there has been some democratisation , but that is proceeding terribly slowly : on the one hand attempts are being made to strengthen democracy , on the other hand fierce ethnic conflicts are raging in many areas .
I support Amendment No 3 , Mrs Oomen-Ruijten &apos;s amendment , to give border workers the opportunity to obtain medical care on the territory of the other state concerned as well .
On the subject of drugs we have also been innovative , because we have made provision , in the countries which benefit from the GSP , for <unk> &apos; monitoring in relation to social conditions and also in relation to environmental conditions .
By putting an end to impunity , the Court will strengthen the supremacy of the law and make a fundamental contribution to peace .
Just one detail , Mr <unk> ; in the Commission &apos; s communication , it did not state that legislation on advertising needed to be revised in order to take account of the new digital technology .
When I last heard Mrs Diamantopoulou speak to our committee , she said that there would also be further consideration of how to include the European Parliament and the national parliaments in the European employment process .
In 1979 , Mr Cohn-Bendit was probably still much more revolutionary than we are as European federalists , persistently liberal , persistently <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and <unk> .
This motion has been drafted at the <unk> of the Italian Government , and it is for that reason that I wonder why it is that two Italian Members belonging to different groups have tabled it .
It would also prove that it respects democratic principles , and that as a <unk> for the public , it represents and protects the interests of the latter .
We can accept wholly , partly or in principle , five of the six amendments .
I am extremely concerned that the requirement made in Amendment No 3 to the report - that the Member States should gradually establish a uniform and concerted procedure with regard to asylum , immigration and the crossing of Member <unk> external frontiers - will result in the European Union building even higher walls against the outside world and make it even harder for political refugees to find <unk> with us .
In the long term , this can even cause premature ageing of <unk> .
This is also extremely important from an industry point of view in order to make sure that a level playing field is maintained between competitors , especially in relation to imported goods .
They have application both in the area of VAT and also the single currency .
We are told we should change the limit from 350 grammes to 150 grammes , or even 50 grammes .
Mr <unk> , <unk> for the report on the negotiation of bilateral agreements on the part of the United States , has insisted on this very point and I hope that the approval of this regulation on this type of unfair practice at second reading will respond to his expectations and therefore assist development in the field of agreements with third countries .
As for small and medium-sized undertakings , they are so important for competitiveness , growth and employment , that we really must improve their access to funding sources , and we must also strengthen the Union &apos;s budgetary efforts in accordance with the proposal made in this report , in order to stimulate and facilitate the implementation of any project which has a positive impact on job creation .
The single currency will have profound economic consequences some of which will undoubtedly be difficult - but above all it will have profound symbolic significance for all the people of Europe , both those who are part of the process and those outside .
When it comes to Amendment No 4 , part 2 concerning other parts of the strategy in respect of carbon dioxide and vehicles , we consider that the first part of that Amendment is almost entirely covered by justification 6 in the common position .
The precautionary principle also dictates that we should base our decision on the best scientific knowledge available .
The Community &apos;s &quot; what is mine I hold ; what is yours we discuss &apos; negotiations threaten to bring back painful memories for them .
We recognise that the sugar reform will imply certain adjustments of the sugar sector in the ACP countries concerned , but we have also clearly indicated that we are prepared to accompany this process .
In addition , for the sake of safeguarding consumer health , certain features of quality and good manufacturing practice are specified that must be complied with by both medicinal <unk> produced in European Union Member States and those imported from third countries .
There are no age limits for temporary agents which is a type of recruitment which we are carrying out , for instance , for BSE .
We have national champions in certain sectors – not just energy , but also telecommunications – which are often also national champions under public ownership , in which the State finds itself playing the dual role of controller and direct acting <unk> of companies .
The application of the n + 2 rule is now facing its first real test , as payments requested by the end of the year are to be brought to the Commission ’ s attention and the overall amount will be seen .
I very much welcome that .
Subject : Common military defence But although we were negotiating while Kosovo was being bombed , the Council refused to adapt category 4 to something so obvious as the fact that , within a few months , the Union would be involved in its reconstruction , would have to provide humanitarian aid and would certainly have to compensate Romania and other countries , as well , for the losses suffered in trade on the <unk> .
And with regard to judicial cooperation this is precisely the case .
<unk> consumption has fallen by thirty percent in the European Union , but in Hungary it has only fallen by fifteen percent , because the government has taken firm steps to gain the trust of consumers .
This proposal particularly affects Portugal .
On this occasion , and for the second time in the last two months , it has extended its military presence in the <unk> zone , this time in the town of <unk> at the <unk> Street level .
In most candidate countries , the cause of these difficulties is rooted in their past and in the difficult transformation process .
As Mrs Theato has already said , the <unk> , the statistical Statement of <unk> , provides us and the Commission , for the first time , with an instrument which , although it is not perfect , makes the discharge procedure more meaningful and thus gives the Commission more scope and more responsibility for the implementation of the budget .
It would be <unk> of me not to acknowledge the impact of July 2003 when several hundred substances will be withdrawn from the market .
In view of the serious difficulties encountered by the Member States , regions and local authorities in carrying out and managing cross-border , transnational and interregional cooperation measures in a context of different national laws and procedures , it is essential to adopt adequate measures at Community level to alleviate such difficulties .
This proposal must be seen as a step in this direction , that is to say an attempt to increase people ’ s confidence in the UN in this area .
Mr President , <unk> is a <unk> case .
In general terms , these objectives make a good deal of sense , at least with a view to provoking change : from a new relationship between schools and businesses to language proficiency , to training which is viewed as a major investment .
It is also important to keep in mind the existence of extensive rural areas .
The agreements <unk> the <unk> legacy of copyright , and they represent a precisely considered and balanced solution for the regulation of copyright and neighbouring rights .
To those who remain <unk> , I would say : &apos; Read it ! &apos;
We cannot forget that Europe is a reference point , and therefore has great responsibilities , the burdens of solidarity .
Mr President , this is a package of issues that shows that education and training is getting a momentum .
That is the Europe we should strive for .
The Council has clearly stated that proposals on this subject must be put forward simultaneously both by the Commission and by the Secretariat General , or by the Secretary-General and High Representative .
The International Tribunal in <unk> must also be able to perform its functions so that the authors of crimes against humanity can be brought to justice .
Question No 5 by Mr Newens ( <unk> / 97 ) So we need to introduce EMU at the agreed time and according to the criteria agreed in the Treaty , but we must also ensure that Europe is strong not just in monetary terms , but economically and socially as well .
Mrs de <unk> wishes to move two oral amendments to insert new paragraphs after existing paragraphs 18 and 20 .
Having said which , I think the Commission could run a comparative check on these texts and then table proposals for similar provisions to be adopted for similar cases and existing <unk> contradictions to be abolished .
Then there is the traffic in young Burmese girls sold into prostitution in <unk> .
As the rapporteur states , this proposal must be seen simply as an integral part of a broader action plan .
We do , though , want to have research projects , into pilot installations for safe final storage and into nuclear plant , and we want to see these supported .
The Intergovernmental Conference is now moving into a decisive stage .
The very nature of this aid must be completely reviewed since , until now , it has served only to maintain <unk> relationships favourable to the establishment and the multinationals .
But charging VAT in destination countries also works well .
That is why we are so proud of the work that European Union institutions and European ministers of development – and , indeed , as reiterated in a decision by Ecofin when it met last month – have carried out in relation to advancing the cause of development in recent months and weeks and why we are determined to use the opportunities , not just of our Presidency of the European Union , but also the opportunities presented by the G8 this week , the Millennium <unk> Summit in September and the Doha talks in December , to try to continue to advance this vital and important agenda .
The agricultural policy , which has already been drastically reduced , will be cut back even more .
( PT ) It is my view that establishing and consolidating objective criteria for defining eligible regions and clear legal rules for the future amendment of the system are of the utmost importance .
I do not mean it as praise , Commissioner , when I call that a fantastic result ; only a <unk> could congratulate you on it .
We must convince them that putting off those reforms would prove more expensive .
We will examine this proposal with great care , as we do all contributions to our preparations for the reform of the common market organisation for sugar .
<unk> are going on , at least partly simultaneously with those on enlargement , between the EU and countries in Africa , the Caribbean and Pacific countries on relationships beyond the year 2000 , when the fourth Lomé Conference resolutions expire .
The Commission ’ s claim that these reactors could be improved in economic terms has proven wrong .
The Bureau and the Conference of Presidents confirmed that there were issues that needed to be looked at .
For me , the hard way involves enhancing the <unk> role of the Commission , which means <unk> increasing its political responsibility to the elected Parliament .
.
The fruit of the group &apos; s labour is the report entitled <unk> <unk> for 2020 &apos; , which defines the main technological objectives that the sector has set itself over a 20 year period and the resources that need to be put into practice in order to achieve these .
Are there any comments ?
But we are all agreed on the fact that we wish to assist wholeheartedly in the fight against racism and the resolution does contain many good and important points .
The key priorities must be knowledge and innovation , that is to say , a single priority : human resources , full stop .
I have been <unk> by the British Local Government Association , which wants me to support proposals for much higher targets – this from an association representing local authorities that currently only collect 12 % of household waste .
Therefore , the Commission is not in favour of the first amendment .
He or she decides whether our chickens lie on <unk> <unk> or are <unk> to iron bars before they disappear down our throats as <unk> <unk> ; whether our pigs are <unk> full of medicines to enable them to survive the <unk> of their short lives ; or whether <unk> cats and dogs are <unk> to make <unk> <unk> for winter <unk> .
The Charter thus also has real legal significance .
I refer here to the Cardiff processes , the processes relating to sustainable development , the guidelines on employment , the broad economic policy guidelines and the like .
Mr President , I would like to point out that this aspiration on the part of the European Parliament is not an aspiration to gain benefits for the European Parliament itself .
We attach great importance to these visits and will be pleased to continue to host such events .
If it wants to be equal to the role it ought to be playing , Europe has got to make up its mind finally to endow itself with a means of determining its own common foreign and security policy .
The launch of the Integrated Management and Control System has not been completed , and almost half of the Member States have not introduced the bovine identification system , which has been compulsory since 2000 .
Madam President , Europeans have been seafarers since the earliest decades of history .
I should like to commend Mrs <unk> on this report and on the excellent outcome that she has achieved .
It is difficult to imagine achieving greater coherence in the European Union &apos; s policies without the Development Council playing a more active and <unk> role in relation to political decisions , which clearly come under the development <unk> and which are being dealt with in other Councils , in other decision-making forums , ranging from the Agriculture and Fisheries Councils to the Environment Council .
Quite simply , it is about the difficult task of finding a position which the European Union , i. e. the European Parliament , can agree on as regards a strategy for dealing with racism , and then representing this position at the world conference .
If we see genuine democracy rather than the <unk> variety of democracy , that will be one of the best ways of underpinning a relationship between Europe and Iran , which all of us should wish to see .
In view of the many <unk> issues still pending , whether they involve irregularities or budget funds , our Group considers that , at the moment , it is essential to refuse discharge for the year 1998 .
May I first of all congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Oostlander , on his comprehensive report and the great deal of work he has put into it .
We are being asked to change a regulation which entered into force a few months ago .
Then we would be able to trace everything promptly .
We want efficiency right from the start , and this ought not to be compromised from the beginning because the decisions are being taken a long way away .
Now , only a third of the country ’ s so-called coffee shops remain .
In the conflict between globalization and <unk> , it cannot only be a question of bringing as much as possible back and saying to the people at home , &quot; Do what you want with it , &apos; and <unk> with that .
This is until it finds a more cost-effective place in which to <unk> , thus going back on all of its undertakings and <unk> the appalling social and economic damage that they leave behind .
It seems to me that this proposal provides the ideal opportunity to achieve these two worthwhile ends - the meaningful involvement of experts through <unk> , and therefore a greater likelihood that technical measures will be effective and appropriate to a particular fishing zone .
In the case of power tools in particular the alternative batteries have not performed as well and we would see tools having a much <unk> life and being thrown away sooner than at present .
For these reasons we voted against this proposal as well .
At the same time , we continue through lucrative trade and defence contracts – some Member States more than others – to fully support the dictatorial regime in power in Saudi Arabia .
The NGOs working in Tibet were consulted at each stage of the project &apos;s preparation .
Europe has standards of <unk> in this field : I believe that this strong , commonly held sense of responsibility and solidarity forms an integral part of its identity .
I would like to cite two examples .
It is quite clear that we cannot accept observers prior to the Commission ’ s report , and that we cannot accept them for Romania and Bulgaria earlier than we did for the other accession countries , that is a year before the proposed date of accession .
I hope we can take this excellent report on board .
Questions to Mr Liikanen I have therefore voted in favour of the report .
We must work on a good range of financial services , <unk> work force , and <unk> .
This will be a great thing for many of us in this House and certainly for Mr <unk> and myself who represent Scotland here .
In the United Kingdom there has been chaos on our railways , there has been <unk> customer confidence in the rail system , <unk> work has caused huge financial investment and <unk> has threatened a delay in work on the Euro <unk> <unk> <unk> II programme which is very much part of the integrated European rail system that we all support .
The regulation on orphan medicinal products which entered into force in January 2000 provides a system of incentives for sponsors to develop and market designated orphan medicinal products .
Mr President , the purpose of today &apos; s discussions , in the opinion of my group , must be that we restore faith in the idea that we are in earnest when it comes to enlargement .
Concerning the actual decisions taken , although I welcome the efforts devoted to employment and the decision on a &apos;European Employment Pact &apos; , I must state my <unk> about the gains which were made and the concrete proposals put forward .
What I am going to talk about is the way in which the Commission , the Council and Parliament share in the responsibility for the balanced policy we will be putting together .
Secondly , in order to fight the <unk> of the <unk> people being carried out by media , which is controlled by Lukashenko , television programmes have to be <unk> continuously from Lithuania , Poland and even Ukraine to the whole territory of Belarus , not just part of it .
I would again like to thank Mr <unk> most warmly for the work he has done , which has been of real value , and for his sympathetic attitude , particularly to the concerns that I raised and which , it is to be hoped , will soon be dealt with in the way I have described .
Madam President , today ’ s debate has raised many questions , in particular with regard to the impact the reform will have on the new Member States .
This means that , as a democratic state under the rule of law with separation of powers and fundamental values as we understand them , Turkey will enrich the European Union .
And I will , at any event , do everything I can to prevent the issue of burden sharing &apos; s being made into something which can turn victims of catastrophe into hostages in our own internal <unk> and our solidarity with ourselves .
Most do not accept America &apos;s insistence on being able to take up a position outside the international organisation in matters of war crimes .
Therefore , it is naturally important that the European Union should get more of a grip on energy policy in the future .
What we have managed to secure is a reform of the Budget legislation , the simplification of the Budget Regulations , certification of EU programmes and reporting responsibilities for the Member States , more reliable financial planning and clear agreements when new agencies are to be established .
Mr President , the resolution before us is long overdue .
Greater openness is vital for the process of democratisation in the EU .
I believe that , particularly when a democratic society is being constructed , a democratic judiciary and humane conditions in prisons are a highly sensitive area .
( <unk> applause ) Mr President , I should like to thank you for this new invitation to address the House and to provide you with the latest report on the progress of the Commission &apos;s investigations into this complex and very sensitive file .
The European Union &apos;s collaboration with non-governmental development organizations has , for many years , been a cornerstone of Europe &apos;s international cooperation policy .
I know that the issue of when and how enlargement should take place can be the <unk> of first-rate political debate , a debate which could set the <unk> at the very roots and I call for extreme caution here .
As I have said many times before , and cannot repeat enough , cooperation is the <unk> upon which to pursue a constructive and focused dialogue on the central issues of drugs policy .
Whatever his current detention in London leads to , at least history will remember the victory of memory over <unk> and will <unk> , albeit symbolically perhaps , the just and innocent victims of Pinochet &apos;s ideological <unk> - after all , these people have been hoping for even just a <unk> of justice for the last 25 years .
Nor do I think it goes without saying that the EU should finance compensation for fishermen who have fished in waters outside the European Union .
One of them is respect for parliamentary rules and the Treaties .
These offer scope for prevention , monitoring and assessment of the situation after the event .
To end , I would simply like you to allow me to mention the last comment by Mr Cassidy .
In conclusion , the Commission is certainly to be congratulated on <unk> the current arrangements with <unk> .
I would like to draw the attention of this House to how important it is to <unk> the situation in the Balkans .
The <unk> is drawing up various strategies for monetary policy .
Trade talks will soon begin within the framework of the Millennium Round , and we ask the Commission to take a firm and determined stance so that within the World Trade Organisation , it can defend the supreme importance of social rights , safeguard the environment and protect the European agricultural model and the consumer with regard to world trade .
This is a problem that is going to crop up on a regular basis .
Sometimes , people in Sweden can be heard saying , &apos; What does this really mean for Sweden when we , of course , have much better legislation ? &apos;
But this is not a point of order and this is not the time to open that debate .
I am not a <unk> <unk> , but I can <unk> of all possible and <unk> catastrophe scenarios .
It is not a question of personalities , although one person tried to make it so .
Research and development funds are being misused here .
The quality of European research is , in fact , its strength .
- It provides for greater involvement in the process of decision-making and implementation for Parliament ( ‘ a real culture of dialogue should be developed with the Parliament ’ ) , alongside the Commission ( with which a ‘ strong partnership ’ should be established ) and the Council ( it is proposed that tripartite meetings should be held between the three Institutions ) , and the national parliaments ( with which Parliament should also establish a ‘ strong partnership ’ ) , as well as ‘ increased involvement of regional and local authorities ’ ; and The world really is waiting for the European Union to continue to stand by what it has practised and to stick to its commitment , which cannot be expected from anywhere else .
With regard to the payment appropriations , the Commission considers 8 % growth the minimum to meet the commitments .
In six months &apos; time a number of Central and Eastern European countries will be meeting on a Mediterranean island to begin discussions on enlargement .
It is , though , surely not this sort of documents to which this report refers .
We have to ensure that this never happens again .
But more than anything , it is about the need for crucial political reforms .
We are able to accept nine of these : Amendments Nos 3 , 4 , 6 , 14 , 17 , 18 , 19 , 20 and 21 .
We can ensure that Europe &apos;s power is used to pursue the <unk> objectives of the United Nations , the OSCE and the European Union itself .
The PPE Group feels that this <unk> from the agreed line , which was that <unk> containing only technical figures should be avoided in this kind of directive .
We have funded a <unk> study into Sharia law which indicates that Sharia law is poorly drafted and does in fact contradict other federal laws .
Mr President , the question of renewal of the fisheries agreement between Morocco and the European Union perfectly illustrates the general policy of Europe enshrined in the budget which we discussed this morning and whose rationale we denounced .
So what is the Commission &apos; s opinion ?
If we are to change this situation , it is essential that we try to strengthen consumer culture .
We are still concerned , however , that development is thus being progressively reduced to a mere dimension , an <unk> to the liberalisation of trade , whereas it is specific policies that are needed here .
We can deal with that disagreement in Denmark .
Then Mr Barnier will speak , on behalf of the Commission .
We are distributing <unk> tonight .
Fifthly , perhaps the most encouraging feature of the whole situation is that there is a President of the Constitutional Court who said clearly and plainly only a few days ago that many legal provisions in Turkey would have to be amended because they were contrary to human rights , because they were incompatible with the rights that should exist in a democratic state .
Mr President , I believe that this is an extraordinary programme .
Mr President , the Green Paper on the charging of external costs in transport focuses on the so-called <unk> unpaid account &apos; of transport .
This report requests the replacement of UCLAF with an anti-fraud office - OLAF - whose jurisdiction would extend to all the European institutions and which would be <unk> by a supervisory body appointed by the European Parliament in agreement with the other institutions .
Naturally , this is our ambition , in order to achieve the dream shared by Romano Prodi with the citizens of Europe when , as President of the Commission , he strongly supported enlargement and expressed the wish for a united Europe able to offer a robust political project , to restore confidence to those looking <unk> at the major changes taking place in our time , and thus enable us to be the architects of an international action with a human face .
The other area in which I should have liked to have seen stronger <unk> is that of education .
I see that Mr Kirkhope is not here , but I am conscious that he raised this issue in an earlier debate .
Mr President , Madam Vice-President of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , first let me very firmly reject Mrs Schroedter &apos; s <unk> criticism of the TENs .
( <unk> / 2002 ) by Mr MacCormick on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market on the immunity of Italian Members and the Italian authorities &apos; practices on the subject .
It is a vicious circle that causes a very large part of the population of the Third World countries to be in this situation .
As stated in the <unk> report , there are recent reported cases of <unk> in two Member States .
It is not the Dutch Presidency which is at fault ; it is doing remarkable work in the UN Human Rights Committee , and that has not been the case with all the Member States .
.
<unk> the system , therefore , will mean that sugar manufacturers will bear the storage costs .
The Commission statement and our debate today highlight a very important problem that the whole world - indeed mankind globally - should take an interest in .
France is now in an extremely vulnerable position , however , since the budgetary margins for manoeuvre were not restored when this was possible , that is to say at the time when tax revenue was <unk> .
And even if you cannot say it here and now , you also know full well that exactly the same disputes between those who are in favour of a political union and those who are against it , are raging over the Convention .
Today , Europe may harmonise the technical aspects of – and I should like to drive this point home – toll systems .
We thought we were joining a common market and it has grown and grown and grown like <unk> until this final report , which is pushing us towards full political union .
I , myself , was one of those who did so .
The Commission can easily live with that and I hope the rapporteur can , too .
Firstly , in its first proposal , the Council recommended creating an Annex , which could be added to if further civil institutions were required .
Yet again , it is being shown that the policy of the Structural Funds provides a sound basis for progress towards EU integration , but that the success of this strategy is dependent on political will .
And adjustments imposed by the markets generally have an unacceptable social cost , as well as provoking a disproportionate reaction which makes the economic situation of the country in question even worse : let us recall the <unk> effect &apos; , or the crisis in the European Monetary System .
As to the shape of individual national military contributions , these will be discussed at the <unk> conference to be held in the autumn under the French presidency .
I will read the communication from the Commission very carefully , but perhaps you can help me to understand matters .
I am not aware of any evidence to suggest that removing fixed tariffs has led to a deterioration in the quality of legal services in Member States where this has happened , though quality has a price .
The directive stipulates that the public authorities may make a charge for supplying information .
A further point on which the European Parliament has insisted - and rightly so - is the involvement , association and participation of the local and regional levels in implementing the employment strategy .
<unk> the Member States into two groups - those who take part in phase one and those who cannot manage to do so - will produce a <unk> Europe .
Our post also gets mixed up sometimes for the same reason .
In Ireland we have a saying that illustrates the priority we give to health .
Now that an overall agreement on comitology has been reached between Parliament , the Council and the Commission , the adoption of this regulation is an excellent opportunity to put into practice that agreement .
<unk> people know that the special programme is financing no fewer than 11 000 projects - bringing together more than 2 000 people , <unk> of Northern Ireland &apos;s population !
The company <unk> against the decision and administrative proceedings went on until the end of 2002 .
I , too , endorse the report , but the producers operate , even today , with the <unk> of profit margins .
I call this a first step because the question of labelling will of course be one part of the complete revision of directive 90 / 220 / EEC , so that Parliament can bring full political influence to bear on this important issue .
However , we do believe that it is very important to move forward in this area ; we are therefore going to abstain .
We have uncertainty , too , about what will take the place of the now dead Constitution .
The Helsinki conclusions state that there is no question of a European army , and we are not really creating any sort of crisis management capability or crisis management force that would go out <unk> .
Hence , it is said for example that a new weighting of votes is necessary within the Council , and that the number of <unk> should be <unk> , but that equality between the states should be maintained .
These data show that barely one per cent of those in active employment expect to find employment in other Member States during the next few years .
As has already been said , we welcome the Commission &apos;s proposal , but call for an effective instrument , that is to say , a regulation rather than a directive .
Before the vote on Amendment No 3 : In the meantime , a decision on the programme should be postponed .
All documents of the institutions should be public unless there is good reason why they should not be - based on a harm test and on a limited number of exceptions .
The Secretary-General of NATO Lord <unk> referred to this the other day in your presence , Commissioner Patten .
I address them to Mr Herman , who knows my position well .
But think it through : if we vote on the text , the report stipulates that financial cooperation can be suspended in the event that the democratic principles of the constitutional State , human rights or fundamental liberties are violated .
It is not Europe &apos;s objective or ambition to harmonise ethics , and having a conscience in matters of science has never treated anyone .
Moving on to the issues under discussion today , I would like to draw the Council and the Italian Presidency ’ s attention to the responsibilities of this Intergovernmental Conference , which is being held after the Union has opened its doors to democracy .
I would make it clear that , as regards the role of the United Nations , we - the Group of the European Socialists , in particular - want there to be neither excessive rigidity in the implementation of Resolution <unk> nor , should there prove to be a discrepancy between statements and reality , an automatic declaration of war .
The silence of the poor can only be converted into a cry for help by those who have the necessary power and political influence .
There is no need for us to have yet more discussions on the decision-making process regarding the introduction of the euro to Germany .
The Commission will , however , ensure coherence of the common fisheries policy with environmental objectives .
We do not doubt that these five years you have been with us in Parliament will help you to communicate this very serious problem to the European Council .
Only this Parliament has emerged with some of its credit <unk> .
This is a matter that has been discussed by your committee .
There must be no incentive , such as the avoidance of special fees , to circumvent that requirement .
The discovery of individual genes is to be <unk> as a patentable <unk> , so that licences can be granted for their economic exploitation and economic monopolies can be set up to cash in on them .
The lessons can be found in those resolutions that we see tonight .
The second paragraph is : ‘ <unk> .
In order to make more effective use of the potential of local and regional jobs , we need employment strategies by the social partners in enterprises - of which Mr Menrad gave a very good example - and on the part of the authorities .
This is a matter that was referred to us last summer .
<unk> .
Ultimately , even where decisions have been taken by qualified majority , the negotiations have still been conducted on the basis of the principle of consent .
Subject : Financial Instrument of the <unk> ( <unk> Countries and <unk> ) One of the objectives set by the Amsterdam Conference for the Council was to increase the effectiveness of the financial instrument of the <unk> .
It has declared the resolutions passed by the contact group <unk> and void since it is a <unk> group .
In September 1999 , the Dutch Parliament unanimously spoke out against the European Parliament continuing to sit in two different cities .
I would like to end by warning the European Parliament against taking any decision contrary to international law which , since 1991 , has been calling for a referendum on self-determination in Western Sahara .
Certain objectives , such as restricting the power of <unk> and drawing up a long-term strategy for the <unk> Gulf , <unk> Sea and Caucasus regions , are evidence of a <unk> policy of <unk> intervention .
A new infrastructure <unk> based on the extension of transport links and energy and communications networks must be developed .
This year there were many <unk> errors in the bathing water report that we presented , because we received information so late that there was not enough time to adopt it .
Let us hope that the Convention helps us to resolve this problem which we are all facing .
The systematic oppression of the Palestinians gives every reason to refuse licences for the export of arms within the framework of the European code of conduct .
This has not happened here , although there is a need .
<unk> soldiers who were trying to keep the peace were abducted and murdered .
Mr President , we are dealing today with a report on the impact of the changeover to the euro on Community legislation and policies , a report that dates from the end of 1997 .
I also thank the rapporteur for having supported almost all the proposals I had made as the competent draftsman of the Committee on Environment , Public Health and Food Safety .
It was offered on a voluntary basis in an exemplary manner .
I shall also say , Mr President , that we have made considerable progress in the field of police cooperation , by which I mean Europol .
The question is whether we need a strict moratorium at international level , in forums such as the United Nations and the Council of Europe .
Mr <unk> , I totally agree .
This report makes good the immense deficiencies in the Commission proposal , and so it is vital that it be adopted by a large majority .
This turns the differences between national regulations into a nuisance factor in the competitive struggle .
One side has the right to a state prosecutor , the other to its judge .
The time really has come to accept that this so-called critical dialogue has failed .
This directive tries to cater for this problem by introducing a <unk> inspection procedure until the vehicle is taken out of service .
It is an abstention which expresses my desire for what is a dream for many European workers to become reality .
I myself advised against the amendment , because we are not out to score any additional points in this discharge , but if the Commission could confirm this , we could then all vote against the amendment with a clear conscience .
You asked me for the floor in order to table a procedural motion , but this is not one .
We wish you good luck with your work .
They are very clear in suggesting that we need to limit <unk> to genuine inventions in Articles 2 and 4 .
The equality perspective must be incorporated into all the work being done on programmes .
The time has come to make sure that objectives are met and that the statistical effect does not make the innocent carry the can for the guilty .
We are not going just for institutional dialogue between partners , between the Congress and the European Parliament .
We must find a way because we cannot afford to lose the reforms contained in this Constitution .
They deserve to have their names mentioned , for the difficult work requiring a high level of expertise , patience , international experience and true sense of diplomacy , with which they managed to reach the compromise regarding the 2007-2013 Financial Perspective .
The Commission accounts for 18 400 of these , the Council for 2 <unk> , and Parliament for 4 <unk> .
At the same time they call for the existence of an independent body to coordinate and monitor the thoroughness of investigations by OLAF , without harming the administration of justice by each Member State and under the supervision of the European Court of Justice .
That is not the solution .
Let me simply agree with what Mr Sacrédeus said regarding the difficulties of achieving effective cooperation in this area and also the <unk> of making some progress .
The report focuses all its attention on the juvenile problem , but these discards have wider consequences .
The Commission ’ s <unk> <unk> , in particular , which is available to every man and woman on the Internet , plays a very valuable role in this connection , because this enables jurisdiction and similar matters to be <unk> very simply throughout Europe .
Then we cannot endorse the proposed differences in aid and we believe that money saved through modulation must be channelled principally into preserving rural development measures which include , not least , support for quality , with no distinction made between disadvantaged and <unk> areas .
As draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Research , Technological Development and Energy , I would like to draw your attention to the absence of a <unk> direct relationship between exposure to endocrine <unk> and effects on health .
I welcome the fact that there is broad agreement on the main principles : that a new scientific body responsible for food safety risk assessment should be established , that it should be independent , accountable , transparent and subject to the needs of objective research and of commercial confidentiality and that it should provide the public with accessible and comprehensible information .
Today , it is in Europe – and , more specifically , in Poland – that a <unk> government is in power .
Let us get bureaucracy off the backs of entrepreneurs and employees and allow them to draw up proposals for negotiating between themselves .
Mr President , we are talking this evening about the right of asylum , and there is a question I would like to ask : is asylum , today , still really a right at all ?
I hope you can confirm that a company with a market concentration of that kind will be required to surrender a substantial share of its activities .
It is not yet clear when this discussion will be concluded .
When it comes to introducing measures such as the ‘ minimum wage ’ , we interpret this as referring to what , in Sweden , we call social allowances and not to the introduction of a minimum wage system .
While the EU has been helpful in providing additional resources , more is always necessary .
This will require persuasion , political effort and the presentation of arguments .
So can you tell me where the money will come from to cover the necessary conversion costs ?
Many <unk> live in <unk> situations .
On the other hand , it is natural that , in a resolution on human rights in Indonesia , there is no room to make reference to human rights in East Timor .
Swedish alcohol policy is now in pieces .
( The sitting was suspended at <unk> p. m. and resumed at 3 p. m . ) It is equally essential that not only adherence to regulations is monitored , but that sanctions are also imposed in cases of <unk> .
I very much welcome the fact that the Spanish Presidency has written to the Israeli Foreign Minister expressing our deepest concern at the damage that has been done to projects funded by the European Union as a direct result of Israeli attacks against the Palestinian institutions .
The setting up of the task force on educational multimedia and the initiative to be undertaken in the area of the information society form part of this logic .
On the one hand , financial support for cohesion , as agreed in Edinburgh ; on the other hand , <unk> expenditure , for example trans-European networks research and education .
I have a second question for you .
Were we not to act , our inaction could , under certain circumstances , lead to us being <unk> in the European Court of Justice and compelled to ratify Kyoto .
In accordance with what the European Parliament and Mr Rocard have confirmed , <unk> cooperation is not , and should not be considered to be , simply one more measure in the field of development cooperation .
In my opinion , we should stick to the Commission text .
The <unk> administration is more than prepared to adopt the acquis communautaire as soon as possible , so we should ensure that intensive training and information is provided by our management and administration <unk> .
Why is the Union wasting time before setting up <unk> projects in favour of small and medium-sized enterprises ?
In the same way as the agreements are often beneficial to industrialised countries and harmful to developing countries , women and men are , in different ways , placed at , respectively , a disadvantage or advantage by trade agreements .
As many of you know , I was Parliament ’ s rapporteur on that issue .
We are talking about an objective responsibility and therefore the burden of proof imposed on the victim must be made as light as possible .
Above all , though , in addition to accounts auditors , we will need to put in place a figure that has already existed in the United States for ten years : the ethics officer .
Everyone looks after his or her own interests , and each <unk> of State will be measured and assessed on how well allowance has been made for narrow interests in the final result of the negotiation .
The European schools system has proved its worth .
It seems to me that the family is an institution for the protection of the young that we have a tendency to forget .
The Turkish authorities indicated that the entry into force of the new <unk> Code was henceforth scheduled for 1 June 2005 instead of 1 April 2005 .
It is alarming to see the Bush Administration pursuing its <unk> campaign to such <unk> as to cut off military assistance to its allies in the war against terrorism .
For these and many more reasons , the European Union simply cannot afford to miss out on opportunities for cooperation .
We are telling the Member States not to touch it , not to pass it into law .
Even in the few months that have passed since this year began , according to Mr <unk> , the UN <unk> with responsibility for Darfur , over 200 000 people have been driven from their homes and over 96 villages have been <unk> to the ground – and all this over a year since international action was taken with the intention of putting a stop to this sort of thing .
Against this background , I should like to make a few observations .
The risk of being condemned to death and executed <unk> with black skin and poverty .
It is there in the East and in the West , even though the acts are perpetrated by a minority .
It is a document that warrants extremely thorough analysis , which , of course , is impossible to achieve in this sitting .
Mr President , the Commission has already dealt twice with the subject matter which is again presented in the question .
I would support the first option .
A rigorous evaluation of the research programmes and their results is , of course , essential .
Finally , I should say that not only did we secure political commitments but , in parallel , we have been able to differentiate the existing policy .
The whole process took about eighteen months .
Not only will delivery services , which are able to operate more cheaply than the top heavy postal services , increasingly be able to find ways to <unk> the monopolies , and not only will business customers make increasing use of this , but it is also absolutely certain that the <unk> <unk> services such as <unk> and Internet will replace the traditional post , also for the private user .
The case of <unk> <unk> was a recent example of how <unk> <unk> are punished with years of imprisonment .
It therefore seems that action at Community level is required , in order to ensure a minimum degree of protection for self-employed workers against professional risks , because , as well as the self-employed worker isolated in a workplace with one or more self-employed workers , the development of the employment structure , when companies are subcontracting work to <unk> or self-employed workers , gives rise to new work safety problems : the safety of self-employed workers and that of employed or self-employed workers who work alongside them .
The priority goal is to fight against social exclusion and <unk> , and to ensure genuine equal opportunities and social integration for the Roma .
Not to repeat my colleague Mr de Gaulle &apos;s excellent remarks on defence , the fundamental element of national sovereignty , I shall content myself with observing that what Mr Tindemans is advocating is the total integration of our nations into the Atlantic system of <unk> coercion .
Quite simply , to follow the same <unk> which have led to the deterioration in working conditions throughout Europe and which , thus far , have served first and foremost to safeguard shareholders &apos; profits .
Now we are told that it is great that we have already got so far .
But most important of all is what we should do now , namely concentrate on political initiatives .
The Group of the European People ’ s Party ( Christian Democrats ) and European Democrats has presented specific amendments in response to these questions .
This is an important point .
Madam President , the most important message emerging from Mr <unk> &apos;s excellent report is that China has fundamentally respected the agreements it entered into on Hong Kong .
It fully incorporates the new philosophy which we in the European Union , and particularly in the European Parliament , have always supported .
As far as the legal base agreement is concerned , we have now done precisely what we promised .
Ladies and gentlemen , certain amendments propose withdrawing or removing parts already integrated within the proposals of the Commission &apos;s Van Miert group and approved by the Council .
I do not believe that the Turkish populations in Cyprus are really in danger today and I believe it would be a very important gesture for Turkey to accept , as a first step , during the current negotiations , a reduction in the number of its armed forces in Cyprus , or even better , their <unk> .
The Minutes of yesterday &apos;s sitting have been distributed .
It follows that legal certainty is needed both as regards artificial <unk> radiation and that from a natural source .
Parliament has also repeatedly criticized the ad hoc way in which structures have been put in place at varying speeds under the Schengen agreements .
Anyone who wants to hold a serious discussion on human rights in the EU should talk about human rights and not abuse these valuable and excellent reports for <unk> domestic policy games .
I would therefore emphasise - as the rapporteur , Mrs Hautala , also has - that we are talking about minimum requirements , which was also a key element in the Commission &apos;s original proposal .
Why is this ?
This naturally involves projects and programmes for family planning , <unk> care and the prevention of AIDS .
What is this vacuum ?
Sadly in recent years we have all too often seen some companies - not the majority - responsible for abuses in third countries , including the problem of child labour on which she was so <unk> when we spoke together at the EU Committee of the US Chamber of <unk> , to which I refer in the question .
Furthermore , in the Cotonou Agreement , the environment is relegated to the background and the sole aim is to limit the environmental impact of development policies , which runs counter to a sustainable development strategy .
This amount – <unk> % , a <unk> , of the total – puts China in full possession of the know-how that Galileo has to offer and gives it unrestricted access to it .
It does , of course , need to include all the subjects which are <unk> described as gender mainstreaming , to which the honourable Member referred in the debate .
We agree with the bulk of Parliament &apos;s amendments , particularly those which strengthen MEDA &apos;s strategic character .
I share this concern .
Burma has done nothing since being <unk> to <unk> to show that it deserves it .
The ESA is fortunate in that it <unk> the cumbersome bureaucracy of <unk> procedures .
Schengen &apos;s carefully balanced association of freedom of movement and security will only carry on working if it requires the same of all Member States .
On the one hand , they are unbalanced and place too great a burden on the vendor , and possibly the producer .
For there can be no doubt that what is at issue here is not just the protection of these financial systems ; there must also be guarantees that others affected by this regulation should not be put at an undue disadvantage .
It is a <unk> , <unk> concept on which everyone can hang whatever they like , and that means that the question of geographical borders will need to be answered , for we can no longer <unk> that question .
As we know , these subjects are now being discussed by the Intergovernmental Conference .
Currently the results of the evaluation process are being analysed in detail and , as promised , the Commission will be able to provide Parliament with a report that will include the conclusions of that evaluation and also the results of a study that the Agency was charged with on compensation for damage caused by the use of a place of refuge by a ship .
In the area of environment energy , and particularly <unk> tax incentives , I have one observation and one question for the Commissioner .
We need much more flexibility .
Many of you have referred to the idea of full employment as a fundamental element .
There is no evidence that self-employed lorry drivers , who rely on their own health and , on the safety of their vehicles for their day-to-day business existence , are in need of more EU legislation to make them more safe .
.
In certain cases it is also where child abuse takes place and we know that children have been abused in schools and institutions .
The Commission is therefore regrettably not able to accept them .
The main reason why I cannot contribute to bringing about this legislation is that the effect of the Commission &apos; s proposal would quite simply be to abolish any form of legal protection .
I refer to the Minutes last night .
How can we envisage re-establishing consumer confidence in food following all the scandals when the EU cannot even implement its own resolutions ?
It is unfair , because it <unk> innocent people , and , as the Arab proverb says , a <unk> is never a <unk> .
Mr Jarzembowski has , however , brought all his considerable powers of persuasion to bear .
The <unk> contribution which business can make will guarantee publicity for the events and the region in question , and financial <unk> can also help to promote the development of sustainable projects in the future .
On Friday , the presidency would like to achieve formal recognition by Turkey of the fact that Cyprus is a Member State of the European Union and that it is one of the <unk> countries forming part of the EU .
The Committee on Economic Affairs , like the two committees from whom an opinion was sought , does not deliver its opinion on the provisions contained in the draft communication , only on its appropriateness and its legal nature .
.
Why can we not learn from each other ?
We need a rule <unk> when a business is to be inspected and by whom .
Nevertheless , we believe that some amendments go too far and propose the strategic environmental assessment for plans which will not probably have a significant impact on the environment .
The purpose of this was to ease Members &apos; travel from Strasbourg and to <unk> the <unk> Thursday afternoon sessions .
It is also true , though , that there are some less-favoured regions in which the reform could cause agricultural production to fall , and this leads the public in the EU to fear that more and more land in especially disadvantaged areas could be left <unk> .
With this in mind , I address myself to the Commissioner , who was not <unk> to this point when I expanded it in her presence two years ago , in the Committee on Women &apos;s Rights .
However , Parliament can be proud of its achievement in the negotiations .
The line of action should lead on from the Greek Presidency , but with certain particularly significant moments .
Would you from the Council welcome that ?
It is right to encourage owners to exchange information and discuss their experiences as well as to promote forms of training and advice for forest managers and workers and , above all , farmers who have day-to-day experience of what is happening in the forests and should become their indirect controllers and <unk> .
I see that two of those who asked me direct questions have not unfortunately been able to stay in order to hear the response , but I am sure that does not mean that they do not think the questions were important .
During the second half of 1996 the dialogue concentrated on the problem of drugs .
I would highlight the proposal to include measures similar to this regulation within the scope of the regulation on structural assistance in the fisheries sector whenever stock recovery plans are adopted or fishing agreements are not renewed .
These constant new EU institutions require resources , and these resources have to be taken from somewhere .
I would like to appear before you now to support the position of the <unk> , Mr Karas .
<unk> monitoring of the national minority situation by the Union had a very positive effect on national minority issues in the new central European Member States .
As a newly elected Member of this Parliament , I had been rather looking forward to taking part in the democratic process which was planned before we were finally to adopt a position on the Commission .
Schengen arose within this perspective and is operating within this perspective ; its incorporation into the Treaty of Amsterdam is also moving decidedly within this perspective .
Let me mention just a few examples .
The dramatic nature of the employment problem scarcely needs underlining .
That might make me stupid , but the reality is that this Parliament agreed it , and we have to live with it and within its restrictions .
We have been able to find a majority of MEPs to respond to the questions and challenges it raises , as well as the fundamental risks it poses for the images of our various countries , the identity of our public services and the cohesion of our societies .
Today we are experiencing a profound crisis in the European project , but it is not an irreversible crisis .
Our efforts will also aim to promote the exchange of technical knowledge between countries , with a view to improving practical ways to prevent , <unk> and <unk> the consequences of sex tourism with child victims .
There is a long and <unk> road ahead of Ukraine , but it is the right road .
The man was sentenced at the end of last year for <unk> documents .
Last week , in Brussels , the Group of the Party of European Socialists organised Israeli-Palestinian meetings .
Subject : Coordination between the EU and UNESCO for the return of the <unk> <unk> Of course it is legitimate to ask who is responsible for <unk> of the military waste , especially in these countries .
The efforts being made by various Member States are of course laudable and vital , but Parliament would really prefer a policy for the European Union as a whole .
We want to encourage voluntary action by companies , including the excellent business campaign led by <unk> Europe , but we must balance our praise for good practice by the best companies with the recognition that we live in a world where there is also corporate irresponsibility .
Maintaining 1 January 2007 as the date of accession will be a sign of solidarity and an acknowledgement of the hard work that has been done by these two countries .
We cannot just <unk> our own waters and then exploit other people &apos;s waters if world fishing stocks are to remain .
We have not stated openly that the accession of countries such as Turkey will , in fact , put an end to certain European Union policies , notably its economic , structural and agricultural policies .
This would prevent any one state from <unk> action which the majority of Europeans would like to see .
Finally , colleagues , I should like to point out our own responsibility in this debate .
First , there is the problem of democracy , social justice and ecology in Europe .
This report is preceding the European Commission ’ s progress report , and therefore provides a unique opportunity to influence and enrich the stance of the European Commission .
I am analysing the way the institution is organised , not <unk> the work of the Director-General , who took the right action in this case .
Four <unk> are on the agenda : the European arrest warrant , Eurojust , Europol and the exchange of sensitive information .
A European voluntary service could undoubtedly help to overcome the cultural and social divisions that exist , especially fostering the promotion of tolerance , peace and international solidarity .
<unk> and alternative medicine must of course have its place there .
We must be able to rely on an efficient universal service , with a solid financial base .
The second point I should like to stress , Mr President , relates to <unk> information on the implementation of the programme to the European Parliament .
I agree with the general approach of Rapporteur Dimitrakopoulos on <unk> relations which contains a serious and realistic assessment of the present situation in Iraq , including a great concern over the deteriorating security .
I would like the motto &apos;more Europe &apos; , chosen by the Spanish Presidency , to be converted this year into the definitive integration of fishing into the single market , and I would like a CFP to be more participatory , a CFP whose definition and application involve the presence not only of central governments but also of the regions , of regions with competences in the field of fishing , and of course economic and social actors .
What is the point of bringing about a single energy market when electricity and gas are not compatible ( in terms of production and distribution , development of the market , or notions of public service ) ?
The larger boats which go a further distance will require much more Community control than there has been in the past .
In order to develop employment , the EU must contribute towards the creation of jobs in industry and support and promote <unk> institutions .
Would it not be more appropriate to start by guaranteeing strict compliance with the current rules before making any changes to the rules on technical measures ?
Today health no longer means simply improving the health care system or making it more accessible , but includes creating more and better jobs , the goals of sustainable development as well as the principle of equal opportunity already mentioned .
All this talk about Pristina and Thessaloniki is completely futile when we have this great problem facing us .
The fact is that the ownership of the slots should be determined by contracts between parties .
I have to say that he is facing an <unk> task , since he is going to have to make progress on Agenda 2000 by ensuring that the Berlin summit is a success , while at the same time seeing to the appointment of a new Commission .
Also , I would like to pay tribute to the clarity of the report and to the innovations it suggests , which are the result of deep analysis .
Maintaining the current level of CO2 emissions would , for example , have irreversible effects upon the climate , and we are asking the EU to pursue implementation of the Kyoto Protocol carefully with a view to better integrating policies on energy and the environment .
Mr President , <unk> deaths since the beginning of the year , 300 people missing , 50 mass <unk> discovered and elections known to be a <unk> : this is the balance of the war in Chechnya , and a story of long-standing impunity : the Italian Presidency really ought to call President Putin to account over this .
Consequently , it is not possible to accept any loan requests on that basis at present .
– Mr President , I thank you for the opportunity to address Parliament regarding this very important matter .
Brian , we have been good friends in the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens &apos; Rights for four years .
Brok report ( <unk> / 2001 ) We have now heard all the speakers required by the Rules .
They contain the <unk> of a solution for the longer term , even though no one will be happy with every aspect of them .
However , the Spanish Government must reasonably have an opinion if , for example , restrictions are placed upon Spanish citizens &apos; right to live in another EU country .
That should allow us to proceed more <unk> , taking careful steps towards a well thought out reform which the farming world really needs .
Why do we not , in that case , <unk> Total &apos; s profits until all those who have already suffered , and those who will in future suffer , the effects of the criminal pursuit of profit have been fully and promptly <unk> ?
What is ridiculous , is the image that <unk> <unk> on its web site , a company , and I will quote without <unk> , &apos; that is socially aware and which , conscious of its role in the Community , is supporting and <unk> science , medicine , sport and the arts &apos; .
It seems so simple .
The general framework governing the trans-European networks described in this proposal includes , of course , the desire and the intention to help the underdeveloped regions .
<unk> at that stage the dangers that could result from support of that kind should have been pointed out .
We tend to forget that <unk> Justice is sometimes <unk> and it takes her a long time to make decisions .
We accept the need to act in respect of the trade in women , but we believe this should be done at intergovernmental level .
Perhaps by swimming ?
It will also determine the future of the multilateral trading system .
In order to compensate both Belgium and the Netherlands for the additional cost which <unk> from the gradual replacement of the VAT contribution in favour of the GNP contribution , the collection costs were increased to 25 % .
On the one hand , there is a lack of transparency , with absurdly <unk> management of instruments and public funds , which inevitably leads to irregularities , <unk> and fraud .
But we need competition , and , of course , he agrees with us on that .
In addition , several possibilities of response to national disaster exist within the common agricultural policy .
– Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , in the end Tony Blair has decided to <unk> the <unk> of the <unk> of <unk> , with his drastic cuts to the budget and <unk> defence of the privilege of the UK rebate .
Now we have to take something into account : this is like when a child invites his friends to a <unk> party and it is not sure whether there is enough room in the house or whether there is enough money for the food .
– Mr President , the failure of the IGC may well lead to a failure of Europe because , although it is a marvellous historical goal , we all know that enlargement to 25 Member States without majority voting will be a nightmare : a nightmare in which Europe will be divided , paralysed and <unk> in a globalised world .
The prohibition of sale would eliminate demand , and hence the temptation of illegal trade .
For all of that , we want to see projects and actions , not just declarations .
The debate is closed .
.
Secondly : we must quickly create a legal framework for electronic commerce .
In addition , a measure of this kind would restrict freedom of movement of goods and services through a region of the Union , irrespective of which , and that could constitute a violation of the Treaty of Rome .
In any case , I am not in a position to alter the scope of the Cohesion Fund , which stems directly from the Treaty .
Let that be a start to a strengthening of the Nordic dimension within the Union .
The European Union cannot tolerate unilateral measures by the United States that take no account of the architecture of international relations .
They forget that our commitment to solidarity , which is being expressed today in this cohesion policy , is designed to allow all the communities and each and every inhabitant of the disadvantaged regions to have access to the same benefits as people in the more well-off regions .
The latest reports I have received - and I regret I may have to leave Parliament to go to Paris immediately - are that the parliament building has been taken over by the demonstrators in Belgrade and the television building is now in the hands of the opposition .
That period is of course still under way and we are therefore also justified in again giving the Commission a few laurels in advance .
A country like Guinea , which is one of the poorer countries of Africa , has a great potential if it can achieve stability , which I think it has now achieved despite the instability in the region , if it can exploit the economic zone which it possesses .
It says that economic Europe has reached a highly advanced stage .
On the other hand , our rapporteur advocates doing away with the schedule altogether .
The <unk> of the involvement of the <unk> Civil in this particular issue is something that I have not got any detailed information on but I assume that the involvement is in the way that I have identified .
You , Commissioner , have argued that we will , by means of this directive , influence transport policy towards sustainability .
We have been working on it for 30 years , and unfortunately we have not made a great deal of progress .
Adjournment of the session We have no doubt that the crises will continue unless the policies and conditions which <unk> them undergo substantive changes .
<unk> is most afraid of those who practice freedom &apos; – the words of José Martín , a <unk> of the 19th century fight for Cuban independence , are still as relevant today as they were when he <unk> them .
At the present time , security must not be confused with <unk> .
Would it be correct to interpret the article as not in any way limiting Member States &apos; rights individually to consider and approve applications for asylum by nationals of EU Member States ?
It is designed to increase legal clarity and transparency when granting subsidies in accordance with the new financial regulation .
We shall be sure to extend similar <unk> to him in the future ...
Here again , young farmers must be placed in a position which will allow them to embrace a new <unk> culture and to be aware of the benefits attached to maintaining consumer confidence and support for agricultural products .
I would like to ask the President to send a message of <unk> and solidarity on behalf of this Parliament to the families of the dead and injured workers and the municipal , provincial and regional authorities which have played an important and worthy role in dealing with the accident and its consequences .
These provisions need to reflect a number of concerns which , whilst preserving the rules of transparency , cannot be allowed to turn transparency into a means of making any Council activity totally ineffective .
As a matter of fact , I think that the Commission and the Council must take a careful look at whether this type of measure is entirely compatible with international agreements and conventions on air traffic and transport .
We must also respect and reinforce those principles , and never depart or turn aside from them , as the Commission itself did recently , with its proposals concerning its own composition .
Clearly one of the most emotive issues over the last week or so has been the <unk> &apos;s <unk> .
The estimated amount of USD 1 <unk> paid in <unk> today is not less than the corresponding amount in previous years ; in fact , it is more .
As politicians , we must defend that right vehemently in future .
<unk> are hostages to this situation , and they no longer know what to do .
People there have <unk> on being able to pursue their livelihood subject to certain restrictions .
We are all <unk> by the endlessly grim <unk> of events in the region .
We look forward to the results of this project , to be announced in November , and to the initiatives the Commission will take in this respect .
I do not think that anyone in Europe can be <unk> enough to <unk> destroy these achievements .
Mr Fabre-Aubrespy , I shall try to choose my words more carefully in future .
After all , the European Commission has <unk> the mark in this dossier and that is especially disappointing of Commissioner Bolkestein , who this very week has very <unk> announced his candidacy as member of the European Commission for a second term - remarkable .
It is not in the budget .
It was even <unk> .
Our rights must be further extended .
Mr President , the Lisbon process was unclear and ambiguous right from the beginning .
The test is implementation .
<unk> to the desire of the authors to pass off the European Union as a sort of federal state is their determination to remove , from the body of the text , any mention by name of a Member State , even of those , France or Great Britain , who have the most obvious historic links with Canada .
Has the Commission worked out any ways to resolve this yet ?
Thank you for mentioning it , because it gives me the opportunity to make an announcement to you .
They are badly treated , not only by the management of the prisons , but also by their <unk> and are scarcely given any protection .
<unk> acute respiratory <unk> has so far attacked 2 <unk> people of all ages and has caused 89 deaths , mainly in Asia .
In order to make progress , we need a European foreign and security policy which includes decision-making procedures .
What we need is a different monetary system , with the UN at its core , based on mutual advantage and the promotion of development .
In addition , in order to <unk> good practices , we are studying , inter alia , the inauguration of <unk> as well as the carrying out of other actions that are proposed in the campaign for <unk> .
Mr Aldo has looked at these problems in great detail and I think he should be strongly supported , especially as a report along these lines is to be approved at the next Joint Assembly .
On 10 February <unk> , the Soviet <unk> began the inhumane task of <unk> Polish families to Siberia , the <unk> of the East .
The opt-out makes no contribution to a social Europe .
We must prove that it is possible to create an internal market for services in a bid to fully develop our social model .
It is impossible to increase the competitiveness and quality of tourism without the SMEs , and their access to research , innovation and training must be facilitated , to increase their potential for innovation , stimulate training in management techniques and implement adaptation to the required environmental techniques .
A criminal justice system which - hopefully - feels bound by the principle of legality , that is , the <unk> <unk> sine <unk> principle , cannot accept the consequences of deeds which are not <unk> in its area of jurisdiction .
With regard to the issue of a ban on advertising , I would like to sound the alarm , for some of our colleagues consider that we should go further .
If we care for this heritage , knowing ourselves duty bound to remember that the Third <unk> represented the moral <unk> of the human race , from which we have drawn the right conclusions by creating this Union , then we European politicians will enable the young men and women who sit in this Chamber ’ s <unk> to have a <unk> future to look forward to than did their fathers and <unk> in the past .
It is undoubtedly the case that <unk> is really caused not so much by any particular type of trap but by the circumstances and natural conditions in which a trap is used .
Consequently , we must take action and , as I said earlier , the European Council called on the Commission last December to submit the relevant legislative proposal under the codecision procedure .
Mr President , given the great expectations during the weeks prior to the Spring Council , with regard to the possibility of creating a common energy policy , the Council ’ s conclusions in this field are , on the one hand , hopeful , but , on the other , disappointing .
We believe this report succeeds in putting the demand side – rather than always the supply side – at the centre of energy strategy once and for all .
It must also be a guarantee of our social security system .
From start to finish , the framing of the Charter gave rise to a series of <unk> by force : This is the line which our group will pursue , by supporting the report as it emerged from the committee .
We could perhaps look at the potential of a protocol to protect the specific characteristic of sport in Europe .
Up to now the treaty has lived in its <unk> &apos; <unk> <unk> , its contents filtered through speeches by the specialists and <unk> who , for the last three years of often contradictory advances and <unk> , have been trying to breathe new life into the old Maastricht Treaty .
EUR 138 billion will be allotted to the closure of nuclear power plants in the enlargement countries and more than EUR <unk> million in total will be available to fund trans-European networks .
( The President cut the speaker off ) Hence our call to increase that budget line by 5 % for commitment appropriations and by 20 % for payment appropriations .
But I strongly believe that the banks themselves might offer rather more by way of guarantees and security in their contracts with their clients .
I agree with Mr Turmes on the need to protect the different national systems in force at the time that this directive is adopted .
By this means we can give a clear <unk> to those forces that are endeavouring to make <unk> capital out of acts of terrorism .
For the 1997 budget , the situation is as follows : concerning the common structure , we have increased the line of <unk> by transferring credits from one article to another by <unk> % .
How big is it ?
They have accepted greater flexibility .
The next item is the report ( <unk> / 98 ) by Mrs Fontaine , on behalf of Parliament &apos;s delegation to the Conciliation Committee , on the joint text , approved by the Conciliation Committee , for a European Parliament and Council Decision establishing the Community action programme &quot; European Voluntary Service for <unk> People &apos; ( <unk> / <unk> / <unk> ( COD ) ) .
The Commission also <unk> Parliament &apos;s improvements to the accuracy of the common position drafting .
The report was a major undertaking because it also incorporates opinions from four further committees - from the Committee on Industry , External Trade , Research and Energy , the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , the Committee on Women &apos; s Rights and Equal Opportunities , and the Committee on Citizens &apos; Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs .
<unk> among these is sex tourism , the causes of which lie primarily in Europe .
This report and the Commission &apos;s proposal do not question the idea of summer time .
This is how the rate of inflation is worked out in Germany and in Spain , and it is the way that Eurostat works out European inflation .
At the end of this Presidency a balance has been restored and we should acknowledge that .
During the visit that President Santer and President Dini made to the capitals of the principal states of the region on 7 and 8 June last , they once again impressed on the Belgrade government the delicacy of the problem and the need for Belgrade to comply with that criterion if relations with the European Union are to progress .
It is an unfortunate fact that effects occurring in nature are overlapping with those attributable to human agency ; greater efforts must be made to research this area if it is to be possible in future to deliver reliable <unk> of climate development and , above all , to assess the effect of human activity .
We therefore feel that the Council must introduce a <unk> and efficient &apos; asylum procedure and a <unk> and workable &apos; method including these new provisions on the criteria and mechanisms for determining the Member State responsible for examining an asylum application .
I want to thank the Commissioner for her very full reply .
This is about a quarter of a Commissioner &apos;s annual salary , not that I wish to <unk> him it .
The basic Directive 95 / 53 already stipulates in Article 19 that penalties for non-compliance shall be <unk> and have a deterrent effect and when a responsibility is proven in the court civil and / or criminal liability apply .
It is a very small amount of money .
That the other Member States agreed to this in Copenhagen was hard to believe , but for this now to be endorsed in the Treaty is just a step too far .
I would also ask the Council and the Commission to still take time to reflect whether it would be worth considering this <unk> mechanism , which Mrs de Palacio mentioned again in her amendment to the report .
<unk> assured that I will be brief on the subject .
I say categorically that we hope that the camp in Guantánamo will soon be a matter of the past .
Mr President , I would like to support the critical comments contained in Mr Colom i Naval &apos;s report .
There are other aspects , however , that have given a clear advantage to the United States , since if we are to resolve the same problem in Europe particular attention must be paid to these aspects .
To Mrs <unk> I should like to say the following : you talk about the environment but , at every possible opportunity , you have consistently made efforts to weaken and <unk> this draft legislation .
By various stages , these were subsequently reduced , giving us a manageable surplus and what I deem to be a wholly acceptable margin for the next budgetary year .
Party financing may be misused .
It is a welcome clarification on where Parliament stands on digital and audiovisual sector issues for the forthcoming revision of TV without frontiers .
The Commission does not intend to take part in any initiative with a military dimension .
Public opinion has received a very negative impression of the European institutions .
The question of energy efficiency is in fact also dealt with in paragraph 11 in the motion for a resolution .
If the next EU year is evaluated from the point of view of the budget we might say that things are on an even <unk> , no rises and no falls .
So this review of the programme is tremendously important .
That is why I am also pleased that this directive sets out clearly that it is only the administrative costs of granting licences that can be <unk> .
I really cannot give you an answer .
I shall at any rate put such a proposal before the Council .
Mr McCreevy is right-wing and he gives 10 euros every year to old people .
Rühle report ( <unk> / 2001 ) The scientific evidence is accumulating .
I voted in favour of this text .
We now live in changed times .
People have a tendency to reconsider their choices only when a major change occurs , such as when moving house , transferring to a new place of employment or buying a new car ; they may not even realise substantial developments in public services have been made .
Amendment No 15 is of a linguistic nature .
The country has now been divided and its capital is in danger of being cut off from the rest of the country , with all that implies for the people .
The third key issue for us is the need for continued long-term commitment from donors and for effective coordination .
This is true of EDF , it is true of <unk> de France .
As we are aware , Russia has just requested that three Chechen groups be added to the list of terrorist organisations , although two of these groups are in fact completely non-existent .
Mr President , as far as the European Council in Lisbon is concerned , even though it was dedicated to employment , the unemployment of eighteen million women and men in the European Union and the human and social tragedy that this represents are just a grey area in a current economic situation which is more promising than it has been for a generation .
That is why the tests we initially propose will be rather less stringent than those originally proposed by the Commission .
If we could agree that the word <unk> &apos; should be deleted and the necessary correction made , then we would be happy with that .
In the view of the Commission , ladies and gentlemen , the Amsterdam Treaty must be judged by what it really means .
But what is human cloning ?
On the one hand , it must be absolutely clear , as the presidency has constantly emphasised , that we are discussing accession negotiations .
I hope that the Americans will actually deliver on the promises they have made to us that the data we supply to them will be collected and evaluated only for the purposes of protection against terrorism , that they will destroy them when they are no longer required , as they have promised to do , and that we will keep each other informed about problems relating to internal security .
The policies implemented to date have not been able to give this sector the necessary competitiveness so that it can face up to competition and the opening of markets .
Furthermore , the process has led to the signing of a cooperation agreement between the Commission and Vietnam in 1995 .
I am aware that some of you would have liked to go further by including access to storage in the scope of the regulation .
So there is no easy answer .
I hope that we shall do so , following the recommendations of our rapporteur .
In particular , the Commission welcomes the presidency &apos;s emphasis on modernising the labour market and on the need to guarantee equal opportunities for men and women in our society .
I make two further points of principle : first , it is for those who proposed the agreement to justify why there should be a different standard of legal protection given as of right to the investor , in comparison to the responsibility he or she has in relation to human rights , labour , social or environmental standards .
These will now be started at the weekend and on Monday .
The Council has not yet dealt specifically with the proposals you mentioned , but has merely discussed the question of how the unresolved institutional problems are to be tackled .
No , the question is whether constitutional courts can review the validity of the actions of the Community .
Framework Directive 89 / 107 / EEC on additives , in its Annex II , <unk> that <unk> food additives must be kept under continuous observation and must be <unk> whenever necessary &apos; .
I am very pleased to see that the joint resolution adopts the suggestion we made to ask the Commission and the Council to publish an annual report on the situation regarding human rights and the rule of law in the countries of the Mediterranean .
To show too much of one <unk> power &apos; is to run the risk of <unk> one <unk> power &apos; .
I am reminded of the policy of the Christmas <unk> trying to postpone Christmas .
Most individuals fear change that occurs on a massive scale .
Those , ladies and gentlemen , are the proposals we put forward within the Convention .
I ask you all to vote in favour of the amendment which would eliminate this restriction on religious and cultural autonomy .
But the question of the consumer &apos;s freedom of choice is very , very important .
This situation applies in particular to the wives of self-employed workers who assist them working in fields or in any type of tiny family business which can be found anywhere and which employ , according to studies which have been carried out , millions of people .
There are still high barriers <unk> access to education and training between one institution and another and between Member States , preventing knowledge and skills from being effectively applied , and making qualifications less than transparent , with the consequence that there is not enough recognition of degree and <unk> qualifications outside the country in which they were acquired , but the more transparent the school , vocational education and university systems are , the more readily the specific models used in the Member States – for example , the quality of dual system in my own country , Germany , and the value of a master <unk> ’ s qualification – can be assessed .
The necessary solidarity between the most <unk> countries of the European Union and the most <unk> regions must be based on <unk> and easily <unk> principles , which must continue to include the per capita GDP .
We hope that the Commission will also listen to us regarding the focus of the forthcoming proposals .
Despite the setbacks , the European Union must not lose sight of its long-term objectives .
Ladies and gentlemen , your role of monitoring and supervising the Commission &apos; s performance of its executive duties is vital to the smooth running and transparency of the Community system .
( The sitting was suspended at <unk> p. m . ) The political decisions of each Member are a matter for himself , his conscience and his <unk> .
Indeed , they demanded further significant moves by others in order only to sustain their present offer , which all others regard as insufficient .
However , every effort must still be made to find a solution to the dispute and to make clear that Cypriot entry to the European Union cannot be blocked by the fact that peace has not yet been achieved on the island .
I am sure there is a reason for it , which I shall <unk> on overnight .
These measures have , I understand , already been accepted in principle by the key parties involved .
All efforts are being made to prevent discussion of a motion of censure against the European Commission signed by me and others .
<unk> speaking , Austria is , after all , a transit country , which is why we suggested excluding from the area the lorries that produce the most pollution .
The information provided by Mr <unk> , which illustrates that the viability of social systems , especially care services for the elderly , has deteriorated dramatically and that we really do need cooperation at Community level , is equally important .
In connection with this , I would like to remind the Commission that it ought to take more drastic action in getting the work of the European <unk> Agency underway as soon as the legislation on chemicals has been passed .
We believe that it requires <unk> and serious work , and proof of this can be seen in the drawing up of the directive on biotechnology which has been going on for a long time .
We are all in favour of comprehensive animal protection and opposed to methods of transport which inflict <unk> suffering , particularly on animals destined for slaughter .
First of all , it is still <unk> European : on the other side of the Atlantic this instrument is seen as <unk> and even <unk> .
We must confront increasing public awareness of GMOs by regulating their use in feedingstuffs accordingly .
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 p. m . Today , in the presence of the full Commission I am here to present our legislative and work programme for the coming year .
A large number of counter-productive derogations have been scrapped , and I shall be glad to support the Cox report .
In particular , I should like to thank the rapporteur , Mrs Oomen-Ruijten , for her outstanding work on the Social Agenda , and Mrs <unk> <unk> , for the high quality of her work and for her proactive approach to preparing Parliament ’ s position on the guidelines .
The last speaker said that a small-scale NATO is emerging .
Mr President , first of all , as Mr <unk> said , it is right that all issues have not been resolved at the meeting .
This time I am not speaking to raise an interpretation or translation issue , but simply to say that the text <unk> accordance with the relevant resolutions of the United Nations Security Council &apos; has <unk> disappeared from the Spanish version .
Surely <unk> the people of Yugoslavia and <unk> both civilians and EU soldiers with uranium bombs is not just organised crime , but sustained organised crime ?
Besides the adoption of the regulations , we also need Community strategic guidelines on cohesion policy before the legal basis for implementing the programmes is finalised .
For these women , achieving these rights and this control entails being able freely to choose the number of children they have , as well as the gaps between the birth of one child and the next .
( Parliament adopted the resolution ) I am not a paid <unk> .
It seems to me that this has not so far been achieved to the extent we might have wished , and the same applies to conditions governing communication between the Authority and the various authorities in the Member States .
Turkey would then have to act consistently with the objective of true <unk> by re-establishing diplomatic relations with Armenia .
What <unk> them is the truths which the President of Belarus stated in his speech to the UN summit about the positive role of the Soviet Union in the world system and the consequences of its downfall , meaning the crimes against former Yugoslavia , Afghanistan and Iraq , and about the attempts by the <unk> to turn the UN into a tool for promoting their interests .
It is slightly odd that we have had this debate without the full participation of the representatives of the central and eastern countries , when we realise there are huge problems and challenges concerning the absorption of those countries , as regards not only institutional operation but also policy making .
I think we should move on to the next one .
Since 1993 , Jerusalem has been a closed city for the Palestinians .
Today , given that the clause on the respect of fundamental rights has been brutally violated , and in the sight of the whole world , in what way is this demand for suspension excessive ?
As a lawyer , I would be reluctant to embark on the task of developing the fine detail in my role as a Member of this House .
The value of this group lies precisely in the fact , and I will repeat this because it is important , that it will be able to work completely independently , without being subjected to any internal influence on the part of the Commission , or external influence due to pressure from economic or other groups .
Madam President , both the Commission &apos;s latest interim report and the opinions of the different committees of this Parliament demonstrate that Turkey has made important steps in the direction of the Copenhagen criteria .
I believe that another issue that will demand our attention in the future is that of how we can guarantee coherence between parts I and III of the Constitution .
<unk> to redistribute the allocations to the coal and steel sectors according to needs , and in particular , to increase social aid in the coal sector , and research funding in the steel sector ; I can assure Mrs <unk> Gorsel that this will be a negotiation in which at the end of it the EC will be a member .
In addition , the amount of the mentioned compensation must be revised upwards to take better account of the material , economic , but also social and environmental damage <unk> .
I therefore remain <unk> , Mr Prodi .
But there are problem points within this rail network that eventually effect 20 % of the European rail network .
Today , we have to fight social <unk> , and the only way to do that is through the cancellation of the debts of third world countries and those of , among others , South Africa .
Nonetheless , he has handled it very well and we are making a lot of progress .
Fourth , summary minutes should be published containing the arguments made for and against when making decisions on monetary policy , together with an anonymous account of the voting pattern .
My report therefore calls on the Commission to amend its proposal on the revision of Directive 99 / 32 / EC in accordance with the European Parliament &apos;s first reading back in June , the aim of which was to reduce sulphur emissions by 80 % .
You cannot have it both ways .
Some estimates put the number of refugees in the tens of thousands on the Iraqi side of the border , and this is in addition to approximately 40 , 000 refugees who have already been permitted entry to Iran .
Again , we could well have wished for an even higher figure , but we are happy to have Community rules in this area .
The European Union will continue to monitor the human rights situation and will discuss it with the Mexican authorities at the first useful opportunity , which will be the meeting of the Joint Association Committee to take place next November , under the Italian Presidency .
This is partly a result of increasing consumption , and of the interest farmers have in growing such products to improve their income .
I suppose the <unk> of this debate will go right over the heads of many farmers .
Yes , the ballot was democratic – at least in terms of the way in which it was carried out .
<unk> 170 countries , representing over <unk> of the world &apos;s population , met in New Delhi for their eighth regular meeting as parties to the United <unk> &apos;s Framework Convention on Climate Change .
<unk> in one sentence : reconstruction aid for Bosnia with a non-existent or <unk> administration of the whole state or the <unk> is something different from European legislative procedure or classical development aid with partners which can act and function <unk> in the normal way .
The French Government also intends to bring its deficit to below 3 % during 2006 ; the European Commission takes note of this and is pleased with the French Government &apos;s intentions , but we are going to publish our spring economic forecasts on 8 May .
I should like to express my sincere thanks to the Commission for the excellent proposal without which , after all , this would not have been possible .
I would ask MEPs to reflect upon how it would look in Europe if other European governments were to <unk> which groups of citizens did not share their own views and were then to call out their <unk> to prevent these groups from entering their ports .
Secondly , EU – level measures can encourage individual Member States to take their own measures .
Mr President , the recent floods in Mozambique , followed by the hurricane , have thrown the country into complete <unk> , at a time when it was just about recovering from the political atrocities of the past .
Before proceeding to the vote and pursuant to Rule 80 ( 5 ) of the Rules of Procedure , I give the floor to the Commissioner to let us know the Commission &apos; s position on the amendments .
I recognise that his report is quite brief , but that <unk> the amount of work that has had to be undertaken because the issue that we are considering is a complex one as he made clear in the course of his remarks .
That is what it is about .
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , allow me to restrict myself to a few aspects of the Böge report for which I am directly responsible .
<unk> you have now also taken it on board .
First was the issue of definition .
It is the only statute in existence to contain such an <unk> number of figures and details .
Flexibility is , without a doubt , a factor that will increase the real impact of the Structural Funds on society and on the greater cohesion that we are all looking for .
That idea was not put forward at any meeting I remember , and I will not accuse successive <unk> of having been negligent .
We now know that there are only 140 chemicals on the <unk> list &apos; and that risk assessments have been completed in only eleven cases .
Mr President , I thank Mrs <unk> , the rapporteur , and <unk> <unk> , who brought the petition leading to this report on multiple <unk> .
The Council has therefore supported the Dutch initiative aimed at the introduction this year , within the framework of the third committee of the United Nations General Assembly , of a draft resolution against these crimes , which is still in the process of being examined .
He really has worked not only very hard , but also in a very open , intelligent and <unk> way .
It is hardly likely that upon attainment of the level of 90 % GNP nationally , compared to 75 % <unk> under Objective 1 , there would be a sharp economic shock when the assistance comes to an end , especially as these countries will continue to profit from Objective 1 assistance by means of the <unk> out &apos; .
The greatest benefit of the Security Strategy is that it enables us to <unk> the combination of civilian and military crisis management capabilities to each individual situation .
We must continually keep this matter in the public eye .
After all , there is a direct link between the budgetary policy and the interest policy in the policy mix .
I welcome the shift in consumer policy which the establishment of this general framework represents .
The French situation is amazing .
We would not even see a reduction of 1 % .
That 1 % ensures that we are able to maintain the possibilities of that GNP .
Those farmers have had to wait more than 14 weeks since 1 August and still their beef is not back on the market in France .
I want to ask the President-in-Office to take up the hard option which in our view accompanies the opening conference and that is to begin the process of discussing the complex issue which was not concluded at Amsterdam and which the Luxembourg summit at least had the grace to admit must be tackled .
This <unk> and in some instances <unk> interparliamentary and <unk> cooperation .
There are a number of priorities that we seek to achieve by means of this Community aid , which is administered by Colombia itself .
As I have already indicated , the view of the Commission is that the International Red Cross should be invited to examine and report on the situation .
We have seen , in effect , that even with massive propaganda , neither <unk> , nor threats , nor portfolio policy have succeeded in stopping the protests .
I should like greater clarity from the Commissioner on this .
The Committee on Budgetary Control has tabled many amendments that were voted on in the Committee .
I believe that acknowledging that the European Parliament has a far more important role to play than the other institutional bodies have been willing to accept is a fundamental and crucial point .
